1
	
Breaking up is hard to do: security and functionality in a commodity hypervisor
Patrick Colp, Mihir Nanavati, Jun Zhu, William Aiello, George Coker, Tim Deegan, Peter Loscocco, Andrew Warfield
October 2011 		
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.67 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 173,   Downloads (Overall): 866,    Citation Count: 20

Cloud computing uses virtualization to lease small slices of large-scale datacenter facilities to individual paying customers. These multi-tenant environments, on which numerous large and popular web-based applications run today, are founded on ...
2
	
A study on information wrapper protection profile
Kwo-Jean Farn, Shu-Kuo Lin, Jiann-Ming Hwang
April 2007 		
ACOS'07: Proceedings of the 6th Conference on WSEAS International Conference on Applied Computer Science - Volume 6 , Volume 6
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

How to help the end-users to identify and analyze the attacks in cyberspace has become extremely important to the information security task. Based on the standard of the Information Security Audit and Alarms Framework published by ISO, in this paper ...

Keywords: common criteria (CC), information security audit and alarms, protection profile (PP), security assurance, security functional
3
	
Using lamport's logical clocks to consolidate log files from different sources
Roberto Gómez, Jorge Herrerias, Erika Mata
June 2005 		
IICS'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Innovative Internet Community Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Event logging and log files are playing an important role in system and network security. Log files record computer system activities, are used to provide requirements of reliability, security and accountability applications. Information stored in log ...
4
	
Tamper detection in audit logs
Richard T. Snodgrass, Shilong Stanley Yao, Christian Collberg
August 2004 		
VLDB '04: Proceedings of the Thirtieth international conference on Very large data bases - Volume 30 , Volume 30
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (186.30 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 211,    Citation Count: 25

Audit logs are considered good practice for business systems, and are required by federal regulations for secure systems, drug approval data, medical information disclosure, financial records, and electronic voting. Given the central role of audit logs, ...
5
	
Network Security: Know It All: Know It All
James Joshi
May 2008 		
Network Security: Know It All: Know It All
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (3.92 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 133,   Downloads (Overall): 594,    Citation Count: 0

Network Security: Know It All explains the basics, describes the protocols, and discusses advanced topics, by the best and brightest experts in the field of network security.Assembled from the works of leading researchers and practitioners, this ...
Keywords: Networking
6
	
Surveillance of anomaly and misuse in critical networks to counter insider threats using computational intelligence
D. Shalini Punithavathani, K. Sujatha, J. Mark Jain
March 2015 		
Cluster Computing , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Insider threat is minimally addressed by current information security practices, yet the insider poses the most serious threat to organization through various malicious activities. Forensic investigation is a technique used to prove the presence ...
Keywords: Computational intelligence log files, Digital evidence, Insider threat, Network forensics, Network traffic
7
	
End-to-end policy based encryption techniques for multi-party data management
Michael Beiter, Marco Casassa Mont, Liqun Chen, Siani Pearson
June 2014 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 36 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a data management solution and associated key management approaches to provide accountability within service provision networks, in particular addressing privacy issues in cloud computing applications. Our solution involves machine readable ...
Keywords: Cloud, Policy enforcement, Privacy, Secret sharing, Sticky policy
8
	
Use of schema associative mapping for synchronization of the virtual machine audit logs
Sean Thorpe, Indrajit Ray, Tyrone Grandison
June 2011 		
CISIS'11: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Computational intelligence in security for information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Compute cloud interoperability across different domains represents a major challenge for the System administrator community. This work takes a look at the issues for enabling heterogeneous synchronization of virtual disk log attributes by use of an associative ...
Keywords: associative, attribute, log audit, synchronized, virtual machine
9
	
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Karen A. Scarfone, Murugiah P. Souppaya, Amanda Cody, Angela D. Orebaugh
September 2008 		
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (469.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 159,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this document is to assist organizations in planning and conducting technical information security tests and examinations, analyzing findings, and developing mitigation strategies. The guide provides practical recommendations for designing, ...
Keywords: Penetration testing, risk assessment, security assessment, security examination, security testing, vulnerability scanning
10
	
A survey of information security incident handling in the cloud
Nurul Hidayah Ab Rahman, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
March 2015 		
Computers and Security , Volume 49 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Incident handling strategy is one key strategy to mitigate risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) of organisation assets, as well as minimising loss (e.g. financial, reputational and legal) particularly as organisations move to ...
Keywords: Capability Maturity Model For Services (CMMI-SVC), Cloud computing, Cloud response, Incident handling, Incident management, Incident response
11
	
SP 800-122. Guide to Protecting the Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Erika McCallister, Timothy Grance, Karen A. Scarfone
April 2010 		
SP 800-122. Guide to Protecting the Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (812.32 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 135,   Downloads (Overall): 196,    Citation Count: 6

The purpose of this document is to assist Federal agencies in protecting the confidentiality of personally identifiable information (PII) in information systems. The document explains the importance of protecting the confidentiality of PII in the context ...
Keywords: FIPS 199, PII, PII confidentiality impact level, confidentiality, personally identifiable information, privacy
12
	
Application-level isolation and recovery with solitude
Shvetank Jain, Fareha Shafique, Vladan Djeric, Ashvin Goel
April 2008 		
Eurosys '08: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys European Conference on Computer Systems 2008
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (218.41 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 629,    Citation Count: 13

When computer systems are compromised by an attack, it is difficult to determine the precise extent of the damage caused by the attack because the state changes made by an attacker and those made by regular users can be closely intertwined. This problem ...

Keywords: access control, copy-on-write, file systems, recovery, taint analysis, transactional file system

Also published in:
April 2008 	SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 	Volume 42 Issue 4
13
	
Securing the Cloud: Cloud Computer Security Techniques and Tactics
J. R. Vic Winkler
May 2011 		
Securing the Cloud: Cloud Computer Security Techniques and Tactics
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (7.11 MB),  PDFPDF (6.86 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 205,    Citation Count: 7

As companies turn to cloud computing technology to streamline and save money, security is a fundamental concern. Loss of certain control and lack of trust make this transition difficult unless you know how to handle it. Securing the Cloud discusses making ...
14
	
A Consolidated Process Model for Identity Management
Paul Watters, Shiping Chen, Alex Ng
July 2012 		
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 25 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Recently, identity management has gained increasing attention from both enterprises and government organisations, in terms of security, privacy, and trust. A considerable number of theories and techniques have been developed to deal with identity management ...
Keywords: Identity Management Framework, Interoperability, Privacy, Process Model, Taxonomy
15
	
VMBLS: virtual machine based logging scheme for prevention of tampering and loss
Masaya Sato, Toshihiro Yamauchi
August 2011 		
ARES'11: Proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4/8.9 international cross domain conference on Availability, reliability and security for business, enterprise and health information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Logging information is necessary in order to understand a computer's behavior. However, there is a possibility that attackers will delete logs to hide the evidence of their attacking and cheating. Moreover, various problems might cause the loss of logging ...
Keywords: digital forensics, log, security, virtual machine monitor, virtualization
16
	
Enforcing Minimum Necessary Access in Healthcare Through Integrated Audit and Access Control
Paul Martin, Aviel D. Rubin, Rafae Bhatti
September 2013 		
BCB'13: Proceedings of the International Conference on Bioinformatics, Computational Biology and Biomedical Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (427.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 0

One of the most important requirements of HIPAA is the "minimum-necessary" access requirement, which states that healthcare personnel must be granted no more access to electronic healthcare data than is necessary in order to work effectively. Due to ...
17
	
Secure audit logs to support computer forensics
Bruce Schneier, John Kelsey
May 1999 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (125.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 3638,    Citation Count: 66

In many real-world applications, sensitive information must be kept it log files on an untrusted machine. In the event that an attacker captures this machine, we would like to guarantee that he will gain little or no information from the log files and ...

Keywords: audit logs, auditing, authenthication, computer forensics, hash chains, intrusion detection
18
	
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - Preparation and challenges
Andy Johnston, Jessica Reust
September 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As new legislation is written mandating notification of affected parties following the compromise of confidential data, reliable investigative procedures into unauthorized access of such data assume increasing importance. The increasing costs and penalties ...
Keywords: Compromise of sensitive information, Digital forensic examination, Forensic preparedness, Incident response, Intrusion investigation, Network forensics
19
	
Piranha audit: a kernel enhancements and utilities to improve audit/logging
Vincenzo Cutello, Emilio Mastriani, Francesco Pappalardo
October 2000 		
ALS'00: Proceedings of the 4th annual Linux Showcase & Conference - Volume 4 , Volume 4
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents a mechanism to enrich logging as required in TCSEC [1] document to detect and stop possible intrusions based on typical attacks and to protect the sensible audit data from deletion/modification even in root compromise situation. After ...
20
	
Modeling of information system correlated events time dependencies
Jacques Saraydaryan, Véronique Legrand, Stéphane Ubéda
June 2008 		
NOTERE '08: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on New technologies in distributed systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (670.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count:

Many works have been carried out in events correlation and intrusion detection. Although they use different methods or correlation approaches, they all highlight the importance of time in their modeling process. In this paper, we suggest a new time consideration ...

Keywords: Bayesian network, behavior, global vision, intrusion detection 
21
	
SecLaaS: secure logging-as-a-service for cloud forensics
Shams Zawoad, Amit Kumar Dutta, Ragib Hasan
May 2013 		
ASIA CCS '13: Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGSAC symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (665.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 211,   Downloads (Overall): 587,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing has emerged as a popular computing paradigm in recent years. However, today's cloud computing architectures often lack support for computer forensic investigations. Analyzing various logs (e.g., process logs, network logs) plays a vital ...
Keywords: cloud forensics, cloud security, forensic investigation, logging-as-a-service
22
	
Steganography in streaming multimedia over networks
Hong Zhao, Yun Q. Shi, Nirwan Ansari
January 2012 		
Transactions on Data Hiding and Multimedia Security VII
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents steganography methods to covertly transmit data via RTP (Real-time Transport Protocol) header and RTP payload in multimedia streaming over networks. The proposed covert channels do not change the original traffic pattern. The bandwidth ...
Keywords: covert channels, information hiding, network steganography
23
	
An authentication and validation mechanism for analyzing syslogs forensically
Steena D. S. Monteiro, Robert F. Erbacher
April 2008 		
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (365.84 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 530,    Citation Count:

This research proposes a novel technique for authenticating and validating syslogs for forensic analysis. This technique uses a modification of the Needham Schroeder protocol, which uses nonces (numbers used only once) and public keys. Syslogs, which ...

Keywords: authentication and validation, forensic validity, model, system log files
24
	
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Jeremy Faircloth
August 2011 		
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (8.76 MB),  PDFPDF (31.14 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 41,   Downloads (12 Months): 136,   Downloads (Overall): 177,    Citation Count: 1

Great commercial penetration testing tools can be very expensive and sometimes hard to use or of questionable accuracy. This book helps solve both of these problems. The open source, no-cost penetration testing tools presented do a great job and can ...
25
	
An extensible analysable system model
Christian W. Probst, René Rydhof Hansen
November 2008 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Analysing real-world systems for vulnerabilities with respect to security and safety threats is a difficult undertaking, not least due to a lack of availability of formalisations for those systems. While both formalisations and analyses can be found ...
26
	
A framework for post-event timeline reconstruction using neural networks
M. N. A. Khan, C. R. Chatwin, R. C. D. Young
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Post-event timeline reconstruction plays a critical role in forensic investigation and serves as a means of identifying evidence of the digital crime. We present an artificial neural networks based approach for post-event timeline reconstruction using ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Digital evidence, Digital forensic analysis, Digital investigation, Event reconstruction, Neural networks
27
	
Measuring the forensic-ability of audit logs for nonrepudiation
Jason King
May 2013 		
ICSE '13: Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (398.64 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 116,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of software log files is used to extract user behavior profiles, detect fraud, and check compliance with policies and regulations. Software systems maintain several types of log files for different purposes. For example, a system may ...
28
	
Security Risk Management: Building an Information Security Risk Management Program from the Ground Up, 1st edition
Evan Wheeler
May 2011 		
Security Risk Management: Building an Information Security Risk Management Program from the Ground Up, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (2.99 MB),  PDFPDF (3.30 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 85,   Downloads (Overall): 120,    Citation Count: 0

The goal of Security Risk Management is to teach you practical techniques that will be used on a daily basis, while also explaining the fundamentals so you understand the rationale behind these practices. Security professionals often fall into the trap ...
29
	
Measuring and Managing Information Risk: A FAIR Approach
Jack Freund, Jack Jones
August 2014 		
Measuring and Managing Information Risk: A FAIR Approach
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (9.83 MB),  PDFPDF (8.85 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 60,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 0

Using the factor analysis of information risk (FAIR) methodology developed over ten years and adopted by corporations worldwide, Measuring and Managing Information Risk provides a proven and credible framework for understanding, measuring, and ...
30
	
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Matthew Metheny
December 2012 		
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (48.28 MB),  PDFPDF (18.42 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 153,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 0

Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers offers an in-depth look at topics surrounding federal cloud computing within the federal government, including the Federal Cloud Computing Strategy, Cloud Computing Standards, ...
31
	
A central and secured logging data solution for Xen virtual machine
Nguyen Anh Quynh, Yoshiyasu Takefuji
February 2006 		
PDCN'06: Proceedings of the 24th IASTED international conference on Parallel and distributed computing and networks
Publisher: ACTA Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Logging data is a valuable and an important information to reveal the attacker's activities and to recover broken system. Unfortunately, once the attacker successfully penetrates a protected system, he never fails to either modify the logging data, or ...

Keywords: Linux, Xen virtual machine, central logging, secured logging
32
	
Practical forward secure sequential aggregate signatures
Di Ma
March 2008 		
ASIACCS '08: Proceedings of the 2008 ACM symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (322.41 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 426,    Citation Count: 8

A forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) signature scheme allows a signer to iteratively combine signatures generated in different time intervals - and with different keys - into a single constant-size signature. Such a signature offers ...
Keywords: MAC, forward secure sequential aggregate authentication, quality of forward security, signature
33
	
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Jack Wiles
October 2007 		
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (9.51 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 229,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides IT security professionals with the information (hardware, software, and procedural requirements) needed to create, manage and sustain a digital forensics lab and investigative team that can accurately and effectively analyze forensic ...
Keywords: Security
34
	
A formal model for virtual machine introspection
Jonas Pfoh, Christian Schneider, Claudia Eckert
November 2009 		
VMSec '09: Proceedings of the 1st ACM workshop on Virtual machine security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (391.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 754,    Citation Count: 8

Virtual machine introspection (VMI) describes the method of monitoring and analyzing the state of a virtual machine from the hypervisor level. In this paper, we present a formal discussion of the development of VMI-based security applications. We begin ...

Keywords: formalization, introspection, intrusion detection, security, virtualization
35
	
Mambo exploit blocked by seLinux
Richard Bullington-McGuire
July 2007 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2007 Issue 159
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (28.23 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 123,    Citation Count:

SELinux catches exploits.
36
	
FriendlyRoboCopy: A GUI to RoboCopy for computer forensic investigators
Claire Lavelle, Almudena Konrad
March 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of the most pressing challenges in digital investigations today is the extraction and forensic preservation of a subset of data on computer clusters and other large storage systems. As the number and capacity of computer systems increases, it is ...
Keywords: Computer cluster, Digital forensics, Drive mapping, Graphical User Interface, Microsoft OS forensics, NAS, Network forensics, Network system administration, Open Source application, Perl, RoboCopy application
37
	
Efficient, compromise resilient and compact cryptographic constructions for digital forensics
Attila Altay Yavuz / Peng Ning
January 2011 		
Efficient, compromise resilient and compact cryptographic constructions for digital forensics
Publisher: North Carolina State University
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Audit logs are a fundamental digital forensic mechanism for providing security in computer systems; they are used to keep track of important events regarding the system activities. In current large distributed systems, protecting audit logs ...
38
	
Hardware-Assisted Intrusion Detection by Preserving Reference Information Integrity
Junghee Lee, Chrysostomos Nicopoulos, Gi Hwan Oh, Sang-Won Lee, Jongman Kim
December 2013 		
ICA3PP 2013: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Algorithms and Architectures for Parallel Processing - Volume 8285 , Volume 8285
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Malware detectors and integrity checkers detect malicious activities by comparing against reference data. To ensure their trustworthy operation, it is crucial to protect the reference data from unauthorized modification. This paper proposes the Soteria ...
Keywords: hardware, log, protection, security
39
	
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2006 		
SIGMOD '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (244.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 1183,    Citation Count: 5

Mechanisms now exist that detect tampering of a database, through the use of cryptographically-strong hash functions. This paper addresses the next problem, that of determining who, when, and what, by providing a systematic means of performing forensic ...
Keywords: append-only, corruption diagram, cryptographic hash function, forensic strength
40
	
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Karen Kent, Suzanne Chevalier, Timothy Grance, Hung Dang
August 2006 		
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (2.82 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count: 5

This publication is intended to help organizations in investigating computer security incidents and troubleshooting some information technology (IT) operational problems by providing practical guidance on performing computer and network forensics. The ...
Keywords: FISMA, Forensics, Incident Response 
41
	
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Tariq Azad
June 2008 		
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (11.25 MB),  PDFPDF (25.46 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count: 0

Citrix Presentation Server allows remote users to work off a network server as if they weren't remote. That means: Incredibly fast access to data and applications for users, no third party VPN connection, and no latency issues. All of these features ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
42
	
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Jack Wiles, Anthony Reyes
November 2007 		
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (19.35 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 104,   Downloads (Overall): 499,    Citation Count: 1

Electronic discovery refers to a process in which electronic data is sought, located, secured, and searched with the intent of using it as evidence in a legal case. Computer forensics is the application of computer investigation and analysis techniques ...
Keywords: Security
43
	
Continuous Tamper-Proof Logging Using TPM 2.0
Arunesh Sinha, Limin Jia, Paul England, Jacob R. Lorch
June 2014 		
Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Trust and Trustworthy Computing - Volume 8564 , Volume 8564
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Auditing system logs is an important means of ensuring systems' security in situations where run-time security mechanisms are not sufficient to completely prevent potentially malicious activities. A fundamental requirement for reliable auditing is the ...
44
	
File Marshal: Automatic extraction of peer-to-peer data
Frank Adelstein, Robert A. Joyce
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Digital forensic investigators often find peer-to-peer, or file sharing, software present on the computers, or the images of the disks, that they examine. Investigators must first determine what P2P software is present and where the associated information ...
Keywords: File sharing, Forensics, LimeWire, P2P, Peer-to-peer
45
	
Efficient data structures for tamper-evident logging
Scott A. Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
August 2009 		
SSYM'09: Proceedings of the 18th conference on USENIX security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

Many real-world applications wish to collect tamperevident logs for forensic purposes. This paper considers the case of an untrusted logger, serving a number of clients who wish to store their events in the log, and kept honest by a number of auditors ...
46
	
Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit
Harlan Carvey
April 2007 		
Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (6.31 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 231,    Citation Count: 6

The only book available on the market that addresses and discusses in-depth forensic analysis of Windows systems. Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit takes the reader to a whole new, undiscovered level of forensic analysis for Windows systems, providing ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
47
	
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - lessons in forensic preparation
Eoghan Casey
December 2005 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Investigations of network security breaches are both complex and costly. Even a moderate amount of forensic preparation in an organization can mitigate the impact of a major incident and can enable the organization to obtain restitution. A case study ...
Keywords: Attribution, Computer intrusion, Forensic computing, Forensic preparation, Forensic readiness, Incident handling, Incident response, Network forensics, Rootkit, Tracking intruders
48
	
Practical authenticated pattern matching with optimal proof size
Dimitrios Papadopoulos, Charalampos Papamanthou, Roberto Tamassia, Nikos Triandopoulos
February 2015 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 8 Issue 7
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (616.03 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 20,    Citation Count: 0

We address the problem of authenticating pattern matching queries over textual data that is outsourced to an untrusted cloud server. By employing cryptographic accumulators in a novel optimal integrity-checking tool built directly over a suffix tree, ...
49
	
A real-time intrusion prevention system for commercial enterprise databases
Ulf Mattsson
February 2005 		
SEPADS'05: Proceedings of the 4th WSEAS International Conference on Software Engineering, Parallel & Distributed Systems
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Modern intrusion detection systems are comprised of three basically different approaches, host based, network based, and a third relatively recent addition called procedural based detection. The first two have been extremely popular in the commercial ...

Keywords: GLBA, HIPAA, VISA CISP, database security, encryption, intrusion tolerance, isolation
50
	
Measures of retaining digital evidence to prosecute computer-based cyber-crimes
Shiuh-Jeng Wang
February 2007 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 29 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

With the rapid growth of computer and network systems in recent years, there has also been a corresponding increase in cyber-crime. Cyber-crime takes many forms and has garnered much attention in the media, making information security a more urgent and ...

Keywords: Computer forensics, Cyber-crime, Digital evidence, Investigation
51
	
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
June 2012 		
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (15.62 MB),  PDFPDF (59.91 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 95,   Downloads (Overall): 156,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ...
52
	
Trail of bytes: efficient support for forensic analysis
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
October 2010 		
CCS '10: Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (905.37 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 1008,    Citation Count: 11

For the most part, forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast ...
Keywords: audit, forensics, provenance, virtualization
53
	
Attribution of malicious behavior
Jonathon Giffin, Abhinav Srivastava
December 2010 		
ICISS'10: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Information systems security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Internet-connected computer systems face ongoing software attacks. Existing defensive solutions, such as intrusion detection systems, rely on the ability to identify malicious software (malware) in order to prevent its installation. This approach remains ...
54
	
An Algorithm for Building User-Role Profiles in a Trust Environment
Evimaria Terzi, Yuhui Zhong, Bharat K. Bhargava, Pankaj, Sanjay Kumar Madria
September 2002 		
DaWaK 2000: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

A good direction towards building secure systems that operate efficiently in large-scale environments (like the World Wide Web) is the deployment of Role Based Access Control Methods (RBAC). RBAC architectures do not deal with each user separately, but ...
55
	
Two security patterns: least privilege and security logger and auditor
Eduardo B. Fernandez, Sergio Mujica, Francisca Valenzuela
October 2011 		
AsianPLoP '11: Proceedings of the 2nd Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (381.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

We present here two security patterns that describe fundamental aspects: Least Privilege-- How can we minimize misuses by the users or workers of an institution? Give the users or the executing processes of a system the rights they need ...
Keywords: security patterns, security priciples, software architecture, system security
56
	
Computer security
Carl E. Landwehr
August 2001 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A strong factor in the early development of computers was security --- the computations that motivated their development, such as decrypting intercepted messages, generating gunnery tables, and developing weapons, had military applications. But the computers ...
Keywords: Key words: Computer security --- Vulnerability --- Security principles --- Security policy --- Security mechanisms
57
	
Replayable voting machine audit logs
Arel Cordero, David Wagner
July 2008 		
EVT'08: Proceedings of the conference on Electronic voting technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Audit logs are an important tool for post-election investigations, in the event of an election dispute or problem. We propose a new approach to logging that is designed to provide a record of all interactions between each voter and the voting machine. ...
58
	
Embedding Hercule Poirot in networks: addressing inefficiencies in digital forensic investigations
Barbara Endicott-Popovsky, Deborah A. Frincke
July 2007 		
FAC'07: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Foundations of augmented cognition
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Forensic investigations on networks are not scalable in terms of time and money [1]. Those investigations that do occur consume months of attention from the very experts who should be investing in more productive activities, like designing and improving ...

Keywords: augmented cognition, computer crime, digital forensics, network forensics
59
	
Information security incident management: Current practice as reported in the literature
Inger Anne Tøndel, Maria B. Line, Martin Gilje Jaatun
September 2014 		
Computers and Security , Volume 45
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper reports results of a systematic literature review on current practice and experiences with incident management, covering a wide variety of organisations. Identified practices are summarised according to the incident management phases of ISO/IEC ...
Keywords: ISO/IEC 27035, Incident management, Incident response, Information security, Systematic review
60
	
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
May 2014 		
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (15.37 MB),  PDFPDF (59.47 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 42,   Downloads (12 Months): 152,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ... 
61
	
Keypad: an auditing file system for theft-prone devices
Roxana Geambasu, John P. John, Steven D. Gribble, Tadayoshi Kohno, Henry M. Levy
April 2011 		
EuroSys '11: Proceedings of the sixth conference on Computer systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (961.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 473,    Citation Count: 16

This paper presents Keypad, an auditing file system for theft-prone devices, such as laptops and USB sticks. Keypad provides two important properties. First, Keypad supports fine-grained file auditing: a user can obtain explicit evidence that ...
Keywords: auditing, file system, keypad, theft-prone
62
	
BAF and FI-BAF: Efficient and Publicly Verifiable Cryptographic Schemes for Secure Logging in Resource-Constrained Systems
Attila A. Yavuz, Peng Ning, Michael K. Reiter
July 2012 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (290.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 409,    Citation Count:

Audit logs are an integral part of modern computer systems due to their forensic value. Protecting audit logs on a physically unprotected machine in hostile environments is a challenging task, especially in the presence of active adversaries. It is critical ...
Keywords: Applied cryptography, digital signature, forward security, secure audit logging, signature aggregation
63
	
Foundational Security Principles for Medical Application Platforms
Eugene Y. Vasserman, John Hatcliff
August 2013 		
WISA 2013: Revised Selected Papers of the 14th International Workshop on Information Security Applications - Volume 8267 , Volume 8267
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a preliminary set of security requirements for safe and secure next-generation medical systems, consisting of dynamically composable units, tied together through a real-time safety-critical middleware. We note that this requirement set is ...
64
	
User centricity: A taxonomy and open issues
Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel, Jan Camenisch, Thomas Gross, Dieter Sommer
October 2007 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 15 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

User centricity is a significant concept in federated identity management (FIM), as it provides for stronger user control and privacy. However, several notions of user-centricity in the FIM community render its semantics unclear and hamper future research ...

Keywords: Identity management, privacy, security
65
	
Behavioural biometrics: a survey and classification
Roman V. Yampolskiy, Venu Govindaraju
June 2008 		
International Journal of Biometrics , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

This study is a survey and classification of the state-of-the-art in behavioural biometrics which is based on skills, style, preference, knowledge, motor-skills or strategy used by people while accomplishing different everyday tasks such ...

Keywords: behavioural biometrics, features, human behaviour, motor skills, privacy, user verification
66
	
Virtualization security
Edward Ray, Eugene Schultz
April 2009 		
CSIIRW '09: Proceedings of the 5th Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research: Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Challenges and Strategies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (813.83 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 178,   Downloads (Overall): 2252,    Citation Count:

Many organization fail to take into account the security of virtual servers, which can result in potential loss of data from internal and external threats. Virtualization has now become commonplace throughout the world; however few if any organizations ...
67
	
Preventing history forgery with secure provenance
Ragib Hasan, Radu Sion, Marianne Winslett
December 2009 		
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (998.65 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 67,   Downloads (Overall): 713,    Citation Count: 12

As increasing amounts of valuable information are produced and persist digitally, the ability to determine the origin of data becomes important. In science, medicine, commerce, and government, data provenance tracking is essential for rights protection, ...

Keywords: audit, confidentiality, integrity, lineage, provenance, security
68
	
A formal framework for specifying and analyzing logs as electronic evidence
Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Daniel Le Métayer
November 2010 		
SBMF'10: Proceedings of the 13th Brazilian conference on Formal methods: foundations and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The issues of logging for determining liability requires to define, prior to a dispute, the logging system and the log analysis in a manner that would determine the parties liable for a predetermined misbehavior of the system. We propose a formal framework ...
69
	
Cloud forensics
Ameer Pichan, Mihai Lazarescu, Sie Teng Soh
June 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 13 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is arguably one of the most significant advances in information technology (IT) services today. Several cloud service providers (CSPs) have offered services that have produced various transformative changes in computing activities and ...
Keywords: Amazon EC2, Cloud computing, Cloud customer, Cloud forensics, Cloud service provider, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Service level agreement
70
	
NetHost-sensor: Monitoring a target host's application via system calls
A. A. Abimbola, J. M. Munoz, W. J. Buchanan
January 2006 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 11 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Intrusion detection has emerged as an important approach to network, host and application security. Network security includes analysing network packet payload and other inert network packet profiles for intrusive trends; whereas, host security may employ ...

Keywords: Application security, Dynamic link libraries, Host, Intrusion detection, Network, System calls
71
	
Detection of anomalies from user profiles generated from system logs
Malcolm Corney, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
January 2011 		
AISC '11: Proceedings of the Ninth Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 116 , Volume 116
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (326.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 1

We describe research into the identification of anomalous events and event patterns as manifested in computer system logs. Prototype software has been developed with a capability that identifies anomalous events based on usage patterns or user profiles, ...
Keywords: abstraction, insider misuse, user profiling
72
	
Tool review: Network traffic as a source of evidence: tool strengths, weaknesses, and future needs
Eoghan Casey
February 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Digital investigators require specialized knowledge and tools to process network traffic as a source of evidence. Existing open source tools can be used for basic tasks in simple cases but lack the functionality of commercial tools that are specifically ...
Keywords: Computer crime, Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Network investigations, Network traffic
73
	
Integrity in very large information systems: dealing with information risk black swans
Beat Liver, Helmut Kaufmann
June 2013 		
CAiSE'13: Proceedings of the 25th international conference on Advanced Information Systems Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Multi-national enterprises, like financial services companies, operate large and critical information systems around the globe on a 24/7 basis. In an information-based business, even a single inadequately designed, implemented, tested and operated business ...
Keywords: business critical systems, data analytics, information risk management, integrity, service-oriented architecture
74
	
Designing and Implementing the OP and OP2 Web Browsers
Chris Grier, Shuo Tang, Samuel T. King
May 2011 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.22 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 647,    Citation Count: 6

Current web browsers are plagued with vulnerabilities, providing hackers with easy access to computer systems via browser-based attacks. Browser security efforts that retrofit existing browsers have had limited success because the design of modern browsers ...
Keywords: OP browser, Web browsing, browser plugin, formal verification, security
75
	
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Dale Liu
May 2009 		
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (11.55 MB),  PDFPDF (46.55 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 388,    Citation Count: 1

Cisco IOS (the software that runs the vast majority of Cisco routers and all Cisco network switches) is the dominant routing platform on the Internet and corporate networks. This widespread distribution, as well as its architectural deficiencies, makes ...
Keywords: Networking, Security
76
	
Network and System Security
John R. Vacca
March 2010 		
Network and System Security
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (6.85 MB),  PDFPDF (14.49 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 182,   Downloads (Overall): 248,    Citation Count: 0

Network and System Security provides focused coverage of network and system security technologies. Explores practical solutions to a wide range of network and systems security issues. Chapters are authored by leading experts in the field and address ...
77
	
A framework for secure and verifiable logging in public communication networks
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
August 2006 		
CRITIS'06: Proceedings of the First international conference on Critical Information Infrastructures Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper we are focusing on secure logging for public network providers. We review existing security threat models against system logging and we extend these to a new threat model especially suited in the environment of telecommunication network ...
78
	
Kernel korner: filesystem labeling in SELinux
James Morris
October 2004 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2004 Issue 126
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (25.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 331,    Citation Count: 3
79
	
Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals: Understanding Digital Evidence From The Warrant To The Courtroom, 1st edition
Larry Daniel, Lars Daniel
October 2011 		
Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals: Understanding Digital Evidence From The Warrant To The Courtroom, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (4.52 MB),  PDFPDF (13.84 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 60,   Downloads (Overall): 100,    Citation Count: 0

Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals provides you with a guide to digital technology forensics in plain English. In the authors' years of experience in working with attorneys as digital forensics experts, common questions arise again and ...
80
	
Auditing a DRE-based election in South Carolina
D. A. Buell, E. Hare, F. Heindel, C. Moore, B. Zia
August 2011 		
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Following a highly publicized and anomalous outcome in the South Carolina statewide Democratic primary South Carolina in June 2010, the authors undertook to audit the election results based on data obtainable through the Freedom of Information Act. The ... 
81
	
Performance analysis of Bayesian networks and neural networks in classification of file system activities
Muhammad Naeem Ahmed Khan
June 2012 		
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Precise comprehension of a file system state at any given time is vital for performing digital forensic analyses. To uncover evidence of the digital crime, the logical representation of file system activities helps reconstruct post-event timeline of ...
Keywords: Bayesian decision theory, Bayesian learning, Computer forensic analysis, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Neural networks
82
	
Generalizing database forensics
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2013 		
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 38 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (638.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 103,   Downloads (Overall): 368,    Citation Count: 0

In this article we present refinements on previously proposed approaches to forensic analysis of database tampering. We significantly generalize the basic structure of these algorithms to admit new characterizations of the where axis of ...
Keywords: Compliant records, Monochromatic Algorithm, a3D Algorithm, attribute-based partitioning, corruption event taxonomy, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic analysis protocol, forensic cost, page-based partitioning
83
	
Forenscope: a framework for live forensics
Ellick Chan, Shivaram Venkataraman, Francis David, Amey Chaugule, Roy Campbell
December 2010 		
ACSAC '10: Proceedings of the 26th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (316.10 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 549,    Citation Count: 4

Current post-mortem cyber-forensic techniques may cause significant disruption to the evidence gathering process by breaking active network connections and unmounting encrypted disks. Although newer live forensic analysis tools can preserve active state, ...
Keywords: forensics, introspection, memory remanence
84
	
LogGC: garbage collecting audit log
Kyu Hyung Lee, Xiangyu Zhang, Dongyan Xu
November 2013 		
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.14 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 166,    Citation Count: 0

System-level audit logs capture the interactions between applications and the runtime environment. They are highly valuable for forensic analysis that aims to identify the root cause of an attack, which may occur long ago, or to determine the ramifications ...
Keywords: attack provenance, audit log, garbage collection, reverse engineering
85
	
MieLog: A Highly Interactive Visual Log Browser Using Information Visualization and Statistical Analysis
November 2002 		
LISA '02: Proceedings of the 16th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 14

System administration has become an increasingly important function, with the fundamental task being the inspection of computer log-files. It is not, however, easy to perform such tasks for two reasons. One is the high recognition load of log contents ...
86
	
Forensic discovery auditing of digital evidence containers
Golden G. Richard, III, Vassil Roussev, Lodovico Marziale
June 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Current digital forensics methods capture, preserve, and analyze digital evidence in general-purpose electronic containers (typically, plain files) with no dedicated support to help establish that the evidence has been properly handled. Auditing of a ...
Keywords: Digital evidence containers Auditing, Digital forensics, Filesystems, Operating systems internals
87
	
From Security to Assurance in the Cloud: A Survey
Claudio A. Ardagna, Rasool Asal, Ernesto Damiani, Quang Hieu Vu
July 2015 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 48 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (953.31 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 33,    Citation Count: 0

The cloud computing paradigm has become a mainstream solution for the deployment of business processes and applications. In the public cloud vision, infrastructure, platform, and software services are provisioned to tenants (i.e., customers and service ...
Keywords: Assurance, cloud computing, security, survey, transparency
88
	
Secure log management for privacy assurance in electronic communications
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
December 2008 		
Computers and Security , Volume 27 Issue 7-8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper we examine logging security in the environment of electronic communication providers. We review existing security threat models for system logging and we extend these to a new security model especially suited for communication network providers, ...
Keywords: Digital signatures, Integrity, Internal attacks, Network providers, System logging
89
	
Algorithms for anomaly detection of traces in logs of process aware information systems
FáBio Bezerra, Jacques Wainer
March 2013 		
Information Systems , Volume 38 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper discusses four algorithms for detecting anomalies in logs of process aware systems. One of the algorithms only marks as potential anomalies traces that are infrequent in the log. The other three algorithms: threshold, iterative and sampling ...
Keywords: Anomaly detection, Process mining, Process-aware systems
90
	
Windows Registry Forensics: Advanced Digital Forensic Analysis of the Windows Registry
Harlan Carvey
February 2011 		
Windows Registry Forensics: Advanced Digital Forensic Analysis of the Windows Registry
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (2.88 MB),  PDFPDF (4.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count: 1

Harlan Carvey brings readers an advanced book on Windows Registry. The first book of its kind EVER -- Windows Registry Forensics provides the background of the Registry to help develop an understanding of the binary structure of Registry hive files. ...
91
	
A comparative study of attributes for gathering admissible evidence in the investigation of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
Joshua Ojo Nehinbe
July 2012 		
International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions , Volume 4 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Global crises have widened the scope of criminal activities that intruders commit on computer networks. However, available litigations to charge intruders are ineffective because most electronic evidence obtained from intrusion logs are inadmissible ...
92
	
Security and privacy issues in implantable medical devices
Carmen Camara, Pedro Peris-Lopez, Juan E. Tapiador
June 2015 		
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 55 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Display Omitted Introduces Implantable Medical Device (IMD) technology and presents the new generation of IMDs with telemetry.Explains the usage scenarios for communication with the IMD and introduces the associated threat model.Shows tensions between ...
Keywords: Implantable medical devices, Privacy, Security, Survey, m-Health
93
	
On Incident Handling and Response: A state-of-the-art approach
Sarandis Mitropoulos, Dimitrios Patsos, Christos Douligeris
July 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Incident Response has always been an important aspect of Information Security but it is often overlooked by security administrators. Responding to an incident is not solely a technical issue but has many management, legal, technical and social aspects ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Incident Handling, Incident Response, Internet forensics, Software forensics, Trace-back mechanisms
94
	
A new approach to secure logging
Di Ma, Gene Tsudik
March 2009 		
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (169.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 867,    Citation Count: 8

The need for secure logging is well-understood by the security professionals, including both researchers and practitioners. The ability to efficiently verify all (or some) log entries is important to any application employing secure logging techniques. ...

Keywords: MACs, Secure logging, forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) authentication, forward-secure stream integrity, signatures, truncation attack
95
	
Ensuring continuous compliance through reconciling policy with usage
Suresh Chari, Ian Molloy, Youngja Park, Wilfried Teiken
June 2013 		
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (882.86 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 157,    Citation Count: 2

Organizations rarely define formal security properties or policies for their access control systems, often choosing to react to changing needs. This paper addresses the problem of reconciling entitlement usage with configured policies for multiple objectives: ...
Keywords: access control, auditing, compliance, log analysis
96
	
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Craig S. Wright
June 2008 		
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (9.19 MB),  PDFPDF (20.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 398,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides comprehensive methodology, enabling the staff charged with an IT security audit to create a sound framework, allowing them to meet the challenges of compliance in a way that aligns with both business and technical needs. This "roadmap" ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
97
	
Modifying without a trace: general audit guidelines are inadequate for open-source electronic health record audit mechanisms
Jason Tyler King, Ben Smith, Laurie Williams
January 2012 		
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (504.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 261,    Citation Count: 8

Without adequate audit mechanisms, electronic health record (EHR) systems remain vulnerable to undetected misuse. Users could modify or delete protected health information without these actions being traceable. The objective of this paper is to assess ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, healthcare, log, privacy, security, user-based non-repudiation
98
	
Self-similarity based lightweight intrusion detection method for cloud computing
Hyukmin Kwon, Taesu Kim, Song Jin Yu, Huy Kang Kim
April 2011 		
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information security is the key success factor to provide safe cloud computing services. Despite its usefulness and cost-effectiveness, public cloud computing service is hard to accept because there are many security concerns such as data leakage, unauthorized ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, cloud computing, information security, intrusion detection, lightweight, self-similarity
99
	
Casting votes in the auditorium
Daniel Sandler, Dan S. Wallach
August 2007 		
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

In elections employing electronic voting machines, we have observed that poor procedures, equipment failures, and honest mistakes pose a real threat to the accuracy of the final tally. The event logs kept by these machines can give auditors clues as ...
100
	
MEGA: A tool for Mac OS X operating system and application forensics
Robert A. Joyce, Judson Powers, Frank Adelstein
September 2008 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer forensic tools for Apple Mac hardware have traditionally focused on low-level file system details. Mac OS X and common applications on the Mac platform provide an abundance of information about the user's activities in configuration files, caches, ...
Keywords: Application analysis, Computer forensics, Disk image analysis, Mac OS X, Spotlight 
101
	
Securing SQL Server: Protecting Your Database from Attackers, 2 edition
Denny Cherry
July 2012 		
Securing SQL Server: Protecting Your Database from Attackers, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (4.37 MB),  PDFPDF (15.39 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 65,    Citation Count: 0

Securing SQL Server, Second Edition explores the potential attack vectors someone can use to break into your SQL Server database as well as how to protect your database from these attacks. Written by Denny Cherry, a Microsoft MVP for the SQL Server ...
102
	
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Anton Chuvakin, Kevin Schmidt, Chris Phillips
December 2012 		
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (5.00 MB),  PDFPDF (12.41 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 155,    Citation Count: 0

Effectively analyzing large volumes of diverse logs can pose many challenges. Logging and Log Management helps to simplify this complex process using practical guidance and real-world examples. Packed with information you need to know for system, ...
103
	
How to Cheat at Deploying and Securing RFID
Frank Thornton
December 2007 		
How to Cheat at Deploying and Securing RFID
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (4.16 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 151,    Citation Count: 1

RFID is a method of remotely storing and receiving data using devices called RFID tags. RFID tags can be small adhesive stickers containing antennas that receive and respond to transmissions from RFID transmitters. RFID tags are used to identify and ...
Keywords: Security
104
	
Automated analysis of election audit logs
Patrick Baxter, Anne Edmundson, Keishla Ortiz, Ana Maria Quevedo, Samuel Rodríguez, Cynthia Sturton, David Wagner
August 2012 		
EVT/WOTE'12: Proceedings of the 2012 international conference on Electronic Voting Technology/Workshop on Trustworthy Elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The voting audit logs produced by electronic voting systems contain data that could be useful for uncovering procedural errors and election anomalies, but they are currently unwieldy and difficult for election officials to use in post-election audits. ...
105
	
An after-the-fact compute forensics investigation with ethical consequences: experience and recommendations
Robin M. Snyder
September 2005 		
InfoSecCD '05: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (207.33 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 320,    Citation Count: 0

Computer forensics involves determining facts after-the-fact. This paper describes an after-the-fact computer forensics investigation with ethical consequences. In particular, the incident involves two students that were caught cheating on an on-line ...
Keywords: case study, forensics, information security, information security education, security
106
	
Agents Network for Automatic Safety Check in Constructing Sites
Rocco Aversa, Beniamino Di Martino, Michele Di Natale, Salvatore Venticinque
April 2011 		
International Journal of Adaptive, Resilient and Autonomic Systems , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Compliance with safety standards in constructing sites is a mandatory activity that helps prevent a high number of fatalities during working activities. Unfortunately, because of negligence or limited resources, safety checks are not performed with regularity ...
Keywords: Constructing Sites, Distributed Agents, Human Safety, Pervasive Computing, RFID, Ubiquitous Applications
107
	
Improving host security with system call policies
Niels Provos
August 2003 		
SSYM'03: Proceedings of the 12th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 12 , Volume 12
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 134

Many operating system services require special privilege to execute their tasks. A programming error in a privileged service opens the door to system compromise in the form of unauthorized acquisition of privileges. In the worst case, a remote attacker ...
108
	
A roadmap towards improving managed security services from a privacy perspective
Nils Ulltveit-Moe
September 2014 		
Ethics and Information Technology , Volume 16 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper proposes a roadmap for how privacy leakages from outsourced managed security services using intrusion detection systems can be controlled. The paper first analyses the risk of leaking private or confidential information from signature-based ...
Keywords: Ethical awareness, Intrusion detection and prevention systems, Managed security services, Outsourcing, Privacy, Security
109
	
DSS for computer security incident response applying CBR and collaborative response
Huy Kang Kim, Kwang Hyuk Im, Sang Chan Park
January 2010 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Recently, as hacking attempts increase dramatically; most enterprises are forced to employ some safeguards for hacking proof. For example, firewall or IPS (Intrusion Prevention System) selectively accepts the incoming packets, and IDS (Intrusion Detection ...

Keywords: Anomaly detection, CBR (case based reasoning), Decision support system, Expert system, Log analysis, Misuse detection, RFM analysis methodology, System security
110
	
Identifying the provenance of correlated anomalies
Dawood Tariq, Basim Baig, Ashish Gehani, Salman Mahmood, Rashid Tahir, Azeem Aqil, Fareed Zaffar
March 2011 		
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (533.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count:

Identifying when anomalous activity is correlated in a distributed system is useful for a range of applications from intrusion detection to tracking quality of service. The more specific the logs, the more precise the analysis they allow. However, collecting ...
Keywords: anomalies, correlation, detection, distributed, grid, lineage, monitoring, provenance
111
	
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Karen Kent, Murugiah P. Souppaya
September 2006 		
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.56 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 106,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 4

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) developed this doocument in furtherance of its statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. This publication seeks to assist ...
Keywords: Computer security log management, FISMA, log management
112
	
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Eric D. Knapp
September 2011 		
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (4.05 MB),  PDFPDF (12.13 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count: 1

For a decade now we have been hearing the same thing-that our critical infrastructure is vulnerable and it needs to be secured. Industrial Network Security examines the unique protocols and applications that are the foundation of industrial control ...
113
	
The role of operating systems in computer forensics
Ewa Huebner, Frans Henskens
April 2008 		
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (570.42 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 1070,    Citation Count: 1

Computer forensics is a multidisciplinary field concerned with the examination of computer systems which have been involved in criminal activity, either as an object or a tool of a crime. The aim of the investigator is to find information relevant to ...
114
	
Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools, 1st edition
Cory Altheide, Harlan Carvey
April 2011 		
Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.34 MB),  PDFPDF (6.83 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 127,   Downloads (Overall): 198,    Citation Count: 2

Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools is the definitive book on investigating and analyzing computer systems and media using open source tools. The book is a technical procedural guide, and explains the use of these tools on Linux and Windows systems ...
115
	
Passwords: Are passwords dead?
Bruce Potter
September 2005 		
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Over the last 30 years of information security, there has been one constant protection mechanism deployed on systems all over the world: passwords. Be it your four digit automatic teller machine PIN, your eight character Windows workstation password, ...
116
	
Trustworthy middleware services in the cloud
Imad M. Abbadi, Mina Deng, Marco Nalin, Andrew Martin, Milan Petkovic, Ilaria Baroni, Alberto Sanna
October 2011 		
CloudDB '11: Proceedings of the third international workshop on Cloud data management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (940.37 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 454,    Citation Count:

Establishing trust in systems is a difficult problem to tackle. In the Cloud, establishing trust is even more complicated considering its dynamic nature and distributed resources. One of the Cloud's potential feature is providing transparent management ...
Keywords: cloud computing, establishing trust in clouds, home healthcare, middleware services
117
	
TimeCapsule: secure recording of accesses to a protected datastore
Srinivas Krishnan, Fabian Monrose
November 2009 		
VMSec '09: Proceedings of the 1st ACM workshop on Virtual machine security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (760.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 1

We present an approach for transparently recording accesses to protected storage. In particular, we provide a framework for data monitoring in a virtualized environment using only the abstractions exposed by the hypervisor. To achieve our goals, we explore ...

Keywords: data forensics, security, virtualization
118
	
Building disclosure risk aware query optimizers for relational databases
Mustafa Canim, Murat Kantarcioglu, Bijit Hore, Sharad Mehrotra
September 2010 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 3 Issue 1-2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (733.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 127,    Citation Count:

Many DBMS products in the market provide built in encryption support to deal with the security concerns of the organizations. This solution is quite effective in preventing data leakage from compromised/stolen storage devices. However, recent studies ...
119
	
Trail of Bytes: New Techniques for Supporting Data Provenance and Limiting Privacy Breaches
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
December 2012 		
IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security , Volume 7 Issue 6
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast amounts of data has ...
120
	
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
November 2008 		
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 33 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.27 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 1384,    Citation Count: 7

Regulations and societal expectations have recently expressed the need to mediate access to valuable databases, even by insiders. One approach is tamper detection via cryptographic hashing. This article shows how to determine when the tampering occurred, ...

Keywords: Monochromatic algorithm, Polychromatic algorithm, RGBY algorithm, Tiled Bitmap algorithm, a3D algorithm, compliant records, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic cost 
121
	
Reconstructing system state for intrusion analysis
Ashvin Goel, Kamran Farhadi, Kenneth Po, Wu-chang Feng
April 2008 		
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (807.42 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 404,    Citation Count:

The analysis of a compromised system is a time-consuming and error-prone task today because commodity operating systems provide limited auditing facilities. We have been developing an operating-system level auditing system called Forensix that captures ...
122
	
Database Archiving: How to Keep Lots of Data for a Very Long Time, 1st edition
Jack E. Olson
November 2008 		
Database Archiving: How to Keep Lots of Data for a Very Long Time, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (1.42 MB),  PDFPDF (3.67 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 277,    Citation Count: 1

With the amount of data a business accumulates now doubling every 12 to 18 months, IT professionals need to know how to develop a system for archiving important database data, in a way that both satisfies regulatory requirements and is durable and secure. ...
Keywords: Database Management, Information Management, Information Technology, Library & Information Science
123
	
On scaling up sensitive data auditing
Raghav Kaushik, Yupeng Fu, Ravishankar Ramamurthy
March 2013 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 6 Issue 5
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.86 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 47,    Citation Count: 0

This paper studies the following problem: given (1) a query and (2) a set of sensitive records, find the subset of records "accessed" by the query. The notion of a query accessing a single record is adopted from prior work. There are several scenarios ...
124
	
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Cherie Amon, Thomas W. Shinder, Anne Carasik-Henmi
December 2007 		
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (63.90 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 315,    Citation Count: 1

The Second Edition of the Best Damn Firewall Book Period is completely revised and updated to include all of the most recent releases from Microsoft, Cisco, Juniper Network, SonicWALL, and Check Point.Compiled from the best of the Syngress firewall ...
Keywords: Security
125
	
Automating voting terminal event log analysis
Tigran Antonyan, Seda Davtyan, Sotirios Kentros, Aggelos Kiayias, Laurent Michel, Nicolas Nicolaou, Alexander Russell, Alexander Shvartsman
August 2009 		
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

In the interest of auditing election procedures, certain electronic voting technologies provide monitoring capabilities that record select actions undertaken by election officials before, during, and after an election process, as well as the conditions ...
126
	
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Keith A. Stouffer, Joseph A. Falco, Karen A. Scarfone
June 2011 		
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.97 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 40,   Downloads (12 Months): 336,   Downloads (Overall): 547,    Citation Count: 3

The purpose of this document is to provide guidance for securing industrial control systems (ICS), including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems, distributed control systems (DCS), and other systems performing control functions. ...
Keywords: Cyber-physcial systems, ICS, Industrial Control Systems, SCADA, Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition, security controls, threats, vulnerabilities
127
	
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
John R. Vacca, John R. Vacca
June 2013 		
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (18.79 MB),  PDFPDF (67.58 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 90,   Downloads (12 Months): 1018,   Downloads (Overall): 1816,    Citation Count: 0

Thesecond editionof this comprehensive handbook of computer and information securityprovides the most complete view of computer security and privacy available. It offers in-depth coverage of security theory, technology, and practice as they relate to ...
128
	
An amulet for trustworthy wearable mHealth
Jacob Sorber, Minho Shin, Ronald Peterson, Cory Cornelius, Shrirang Mare, Aarathi Prasad, Zachary Marois, Emma Smithayer, David Kotz
February 2012 		
HotMobile '12: Proceedings of the Twelfth Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems & Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (452.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 157,   Downloads (Overall): 519,    Citation Count: 10

Mobile technology has significant potential to help revolutionize personal wellness and the delivery of healthcare. Mobile phones, wearable sensors, and home-based tele-medicine devices can help caregivers and individuals themselves better monitor and ...
129
	
PCI Compliance: Understand and Implement Effective PCI Data Security Standard Compliance, 2nd edition
Anton Chuvakin, Branden R. Williams
December 2009 		
PCI Compliance: Understand and Implement Effective PCI Data Security Standard Compliance, 2nd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.18 MB),  PDFPDF (6.39 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 0

Identity theft and other confidential information theft have now topped the charts as the #1 cybercrime. In particular, credit card data is preferred by cybercriminals. Is your payment processing secure and compliant? Now in its second edition, PCI Compliance ...
130
	
Catching spam before it arrives: domain specific dynamic blacklists
Duncan Cook, Jacky Hartnett, Kevin Manderson, Joel Scanlan
January 2006 		
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (160.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 1294,    Citation Count: 8

The arrival of any piece of unsolicited and unwanted email (spam) into a user's email inbox is a problem. It results in real costs to organisations and possibly an increasing reluctance to use email by some users. Currently most spam prevention techniques ...
131
	
Server-side detection of malware infection
Markus Jakobsson, Ari Juels
September 2009 		
NSPW '09: Proceedings of the 2009 workshop on New security paradigms workshop
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (301.84 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 510,    Citation Count: 5

We review the intertwined problems of malware and online fraud, and argue that the fact that service providers often are nancially responsible for fraud causes a relative lack of incentives for clients to manage their own security well. This suggests ...

Keywords: anti-virus, audit, cell phone, detection, fraud, incentive compatible, infection, malware, mobile, post-mortem, retroactive
132
	
Cloud Computing Synopsis and Recommendations
Mark Lee Badger, Timothy Grance, Robert Patt-Corner, Jeffery M, Voas
May 2012 		
Cloud Computing Synopsis and Recommendations
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.51 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 323,    Citation Count: 2

This document reprises the NIST-established definition of cloud computing, describes cloud computing benefits and open issues, presents an overview of major classes of cloud technology, and provides guidelines and recommendations on how organizations ...
Keywords: cloud computing, computer security, virtualization
133
	
Incident Response: Log management for effective incident response
Dario Forte
September 2005 		
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log file correlation is related to two distinct activities: Intrusion Detection and Network Forensics. It is more important than ever that these two disciplines work together, and in cooperation, to avoid points of failure. This article presents an overview ...
134
	
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Max Caceres, Aaron E. Earle, Devin Ganger, Wipul Jayawickrama, Jan Kanclirz, Dane Liu, Tim Robichaux, Eric S. Seagren, Brad Smith, Christopher Stokes
November 2008 		
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (5.20 MB),  PDFPDF (10.98 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 126,    Citation Count: 0

New security risks, continuously evolving regulation and increasing security standards have created new and growing needs for secure internal information transfers, which SSH provides. This book addresses these new trends in depth, offering the most ...
Keywords: Security
135
	
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Anoop Singhal, Theodore Winograd, Karen A. Scarfone
August 2007 		
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count: 2

The advance of Web services technologies promises to have far-reaching effects on the Internet and enterprise networks. Web services based on the eXtensible Markup Language (XML), SOAP, and related open standards, and deployed in Service Oriented Architectures ...
Keywords: Application security, Web services
136
	
Managing Catastrophic Loss of Sensitive Data: A Guide for IT and Security Professionals
Constantine Photopoulos
April 2008 		
Managing Catastrophic Loss of Sensitive Data: A Guide for IT and Security Professionals
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (1.45 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 0

Offering a structured approach to handling and recovering from a catastrophic data loss, this book will help both technical and non-technical professionals put effective processes in place to secure their business-critical information and provide a roadmap ...
Keywords: Security
137
	
Network forensics based on fuzzy logic and expert system
Niandong Liao, Shengfeng Tian, Tinghua Wang
November 2009 		
Computer Communications , Volume 32 Issue 17
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Network forensics is a research area that finds the malicious users by collecting and analyzing the intrusion or infringement evidence of computer crimes such as hacking. In the past, network forensics was only used by means of investigation. However, ...

Keywords: Expert system, Fuzzy logic, Intrusion detection system, Network forensics, Vulnerability scanning
138
	
Attribute-based encryption for fine-grained access control of encrypted data
Vipul Goyal, Omkant Pandey, Amit Sahai, Brent Waters
October 2006 		
CCS '06: Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (277.46 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 95,   Downloads (12 Months): 800,   Downloads (Overall): 4528,    Citation Count: 299

As more sensitive data is shared and stored by third-party sites on the Internet, there will be a need to encrypt data stored at these sites. One drawback of encrypting data, is that it can be selectively shared only at a coarse-grained level (i.e., ...
Keywords: access control, attribute-based encryption, audit logs, broadcast encryption, delegation, hierarchical identity-based encryption
139
	
Advances in Onion Routing: Description and backtracing/investigation problems
Dario Forte
June 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Onion routers were born about 10 years ago as a sort of blended military/research project. The main goal of it was the avoidance of traffic analysis (TA). TA is used in part to identify the remote IP addresses that a given host seeks to contact. This ...
Keywords: Anonymizers, Antiforensic, Digital forensics, Log files analysis, Network intelligence, Network investigation, Onion routing, Privacy, Security, Traffic analysis
140
	
Check Point NGX R65 Security Administration
Ralph Bonnell
March 2008 		
Check Point NGX R65 Security Administration
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (16.40 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 68,    Citation Count: 0

Check Point NGX R65 is the next major release of Check Point's flagship firewall software product, which has over 750,000 registered users. Check Point's NGX is the underlying security software platform for all of the company's enterprise firewall, VPN ...
Keywords: Operating Systems, Security 
141
	
Towards a requirements-driven framework for detecting malicious behavior against software systems
Hamzeh Zawawy, Kostas Kontogiannis, John Mylopoulos, Serge Mankovskii
November 2011 		
CASCON '11: Proceedings of the 2011 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.11 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 21,    Citation Count: 0

Root cause determination for software failures that occurred due to intentional or unintentional third party activities is a difficult and challenging task. In this paper, we propose a new technique for identifying the root causes of system failures ...
142
	
SecSyslog: an Approach to Secure Logging Based on Covert Channels
Dario V. Forte, Cristiano Maruti, Michele R. Vetturi, Michele Zambelli
November 2005 		
SADFE '05: Proceedings of the First International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering (SADFE'05) on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Today log traces are widely used to identify and prevent violations of corporate information systems. The most recent logging trend is to manage most level 3 ISO/OSI traffic via pcapcompatibile output. But use of syslog is still very widespread, as are ...

Keywords: Log analysis, Forensic, Log Correlation, Log Integrity, Covert Channel, Spyware.
143
	
Auditing a database under retention policies
Wentian Lu, Gerome Miklau, Neil Immerman
April 2013 		
The VLDB Journal  The International Journal on Very Large Data Bases , Volume 22 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (687.21 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 62,   Downloads (Overall): 176,    Citation Count: 1

Auditing the changes to a database is critical for identifying malicious behavior, maintaining data quality, and improving system performance. But an accurate audit log is an historical record of the past that can also pose a serious threat to privacy. ...
Keywords: Auditing, Privacy, Retention policy
144
	
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Thomas W. Shinder, Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Adrian F. Dimcev, James Eaton-Lee, Jason Jones, Steve Moffat
December 2007 		
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (15.20 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 1

Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide provides a clear, concise, and thorough path to migrate from previous versions of ISA Server to ISA Server 2006. ISA Server 2006 is an incremental upgrade from ISA Server 2004, this book provides all ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security, Windows
145
	
Splash: ad-hoc querying of data and statistical models
Lujun Fang, Kristen LeFevre
March 2010 		
EDBT '10: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (963.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 233,    Citation Count:

Data mining is increasingly performed by people who are not computer scientists or professional programmers. It is often done as an iterative process involving multiple ad-hoc tasks, as well as data pre- and post-processing, all of which must be executed ...
146
	
Log your CRUD: design principles for software logging mechanisms
Jason King, Laurie Williams
April 2014 		
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (517.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 41,    Citation Count: 1

According to a 2011 survey in healthcare, the most commonly reported breaches of protected health information involved employees snooping into medical records of friends and relatives. Logging mechanisms can provide a means for forensic analysis of user ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, black-box testing, case study, electronic health record software, healthcare, logging mechanism, nonrepudiation, science
147
	
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Eric Conrad, Seth Misenar, Joshua Feldman
September 2012 		
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (9.43 MB),  PDFPDF (17.25 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 142,   Downloads (Overall): 195,    Citation Count: 0

The CISSP certification is the most prestigious, globally-recognized, vendor neutral exam for information security professionals.¿The newest edition of this acclaimed study guide is aligned to cover all of the material included in the newest version ...
148
	
The State of the Art Forensic Techniques in Mobile Cloud Environment: A Survey, Challenges and Current Trends
Tahar Kechadi, Muhammad Faheem, Nhien An Le-Khac
April 2015 		
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Smartphones have become popular in recent days due to the accessibility of a wide range of applications. These sophisticated applications demand more computing resources in a resource constraint smartphone. Cloud computing is the motivating factor for ...
Keywords: Cloud Forensics, Mobile Cloud Application Forensics, Mobile Cloud Computing, Mobile Forensics
149
	
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Michael Cross
June 2008 		
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.63 MB),  PDFPDF (11.11 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 72,   Downloads (Overall): 419,    Citation Count: 4

When it comes to computer crimes, the criminals got a big head start. But the law enforcement and IT security communities are now working diligently to develop the knowledge, skills, and tools to successfully investigate and prosecute Cybercrime cases. ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Criminal Law, Law, Security 
