Result page: 1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
1
Insider Threat Assessment: a Model-Based Methodology
Nicola Nostro, Andrea Ceccarelli, Andrea Bondavalli, Francesco Brancati
December 2014
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 48 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (896.89 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 32,   Downloads (12 Months): 228,   Downloads (Overall): 228,    Citation Count: 0

Security is a major challenge for today's companies, especially ICT ones which manage large scale cyber-critical systems. Amongst the multitude of attacks and threats to which a system is potentially exposed, there are insider attackers i.e., users with ...
Keywords: attack path, insider threats, risk assessment, security
2
A graph approach to spelling correction in domain-centric search
Zhuowei Bao, Benny Kimelfeld, Yunyao Li
June 2011
HLT '11: Proceedings of the 49th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies - Volume 1 , Volume 1
Publisher: Association for Computational Linguistics
Full text available: PDF from the publisher ,  PDF (802.08 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 148,    Citation Count: 2

Spelling correction for keyword-search queries is challenging in restricted domains such as personal email (or desktop) search, due to the scarcity of query logs, and due to the specialized nature of the domain. For that task, this paper presents an ...
3
Examining the state of preparedness of Information Technology management in New Zealand for events that may require forensic analysis
Spike Quinn
December 2005
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer security is of concern to those in IT (Information Technology) and forensic readiness (being prepared to deal effectively with events that may require forensic investigation) is a growing issue. Data held only on magnetic or other transient ...
Keywords: Forensic policy, Forensic readiness, IT management, Security policy, Statistics
4
The TClouds Platform: From the Concept to the Implementation of Benchmark Scenarios
Alysson Bessani, Leucio A. Cutillo, Gianluca Ramunno, Norbert Schirmer, Paolo Smiraglia
December 2014
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 48 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (1.53 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 101,   Downloads (Overall): 101,    Citation Count: 0

TClouds was an EU project (2010-2013) targeted at improving the security and the dependability of cloud infrastructures and services, especially for supporting critical applications. During the project, the participants of the consortium developed a ...
5
SP 800-153. Guidelines for Securing Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs)
Murugiah P. Souppaya, Karen A. Scarfone
February 2012
SP 800-153. Guidelines for Securing Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (686.08 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 25,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

A wireless local area network (WLAN) is a group of wireless networking devices within a limited geographic area, such as an office building, that exchange data through radio communications. The security of each WLAN is heavily dependent on how well each ...
Keywords: 802.11, AP, IEEE 802.11, WLAN, Wireless Local Area Network, access points, wireless networking, wireless networking security
6
A Novel System Architecture for the National Integration of Electronic Health Records: A Semi-Centralized Approach
Asma Aljarullah, Samir El-Masri
August 2012
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 37 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The goal of a national electronic health records integration system is to aggregate electronic health records concerning a particular patient at different healthcare providers' systems to provide a complete medical history of the patient. It holds the ...
Keywords: Distributed EHR, EHR-integration, Electronic health records, Medical record linkage, Semi-centralized EHR
7
Web Usage Mining as a Tool for Personalization: A Survey
Dimitrios Pierrakos, Georgios Paliouras, Christos Papatheodorou, Constantine D. Spyropoulos
November 2003
User Modeling and User-Adapted Interaction , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 67

This paper is a survey of recent work in the field of web usage mining for the benefitof research on the personalization of Web-based information services. The essence of personalization is the adaptability of information systems to the needs of their ...

Keywords: data mining, machine learning, personalization, user modeling, web usage mining
8
File-system intrusion detection by preserving MAC DTS: a loadable kernel module based approach for LINUX kernel 2.6.x
Suvrojit Das, Arijit Chattopadhayay, Dipesh Kumar Kalyani, Monojit Saha
April 2009
CSIIRW '09: Proceedings of the 5th Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research: Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Challenges and Strategies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (6.31 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count:

Every operating system has its own set of critical files, whose access is generally protected by access control mechanisms, native to the operating system. The importance of such files also simultaneously invites their inspection, unauthorized modification ...
Keywords: access and creation date and time stamps (MAC DTS), authentic date and time stamps (ADTS), file system, intrusion detection system (IDS), loadable kernel modules (LKM), modification, virtual file system (VFS) layer
9
Access control for large collections
H. M. Gladney
April 1997
Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (482.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 1621,    Citation Count: 8

Efforts to place vast information resources at the fingertips of each individual in large user populations must be balanced by commensurate attention to information protection. For distributed systems with less-structured tasks, more-diversified information, ...

Keywords: access control, digital library, document, electronic library, information security
10
Data Architecture: From Zen to Reality, 1st edition
Charles Tupper
April 2011
Data Architecture: From Zen to Reality, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.05 MB),  PDF (3.00 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 31,   Downloads (12 Months): 154,   Downloads (Overall): 222,    Citation Count: 0

Data is an expensive and expansive asset. Information capture has forced storage capacity from megabytes to terabytes, exabytes and, pretty soon, zetabytes of data. So the need for accessible storage space for this data is great. To make this huge amount ...
11
An overview of guidance documents for software in metrological applications
Tanasko Tasi?, Ulrich Grottker
January 2006
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 28 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The quality characteristics of metrological software are required by national or regional legislation, e.g., in legal metrology, or for safety critical applications, or by various standards such as software product quality standards (ISO/IEC 91261) or ...

Keywords: Measuring instruments, Metrology, Software, Software quality, Software validation
12
Survey of Digital Forensics Technologies and Tools for Android based Intelligent Devices
Xuejiao Wan, Jingsha He, Gongzheng Liu, Na Huang, Xingye Zhu, Bin Zhao, Yonghao Mai
January 2015
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

During the rapid development of mobile wireless technologies and applications, the Android operating system, due to its open-source characteristics, has become the most popular development platform in the smartphone market. Meanwhile, as Android-based ...
13
The session token protocol for forensics and traceback
Brian Carrier, Clay Shields
August 2004
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (331.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 2229,    Citation Count: 5

In this paper we present the Session Token Protocol (STOP), a new protocol that can assist in the forensic analysis of a computer involved in malicious network activity. It has been designed to help automate the process of tracing attackers who log on ...

Keywords: Digital forensics, TCP traceback, auditing and intrusion detection, digital investigations, privacy
14
Characterizing Web Censorship Worldwide: Another Look at the OpenNet Initiative Data
Phillipa Gill, Masashi Crete-Nishihata, Jakub Dalek, Sharon Goldberg, Adam Senft, Greg Wiseman
January 2015
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 9 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.30 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 109,   Downloads (Overall): 109,    Citation Count: 0

In this study, we take another look at 5 years of web censorship data gathered by the OpenNet Initiative in 77 countries using user-based testing with locally relevant content. Prior to our work, this data had been analyzed with little automation, focusing ...
Keywords: Censorship, network measurement
15
An adaptive privacy management system for data repositories
Marco Casassa Mont, Siani Pearson
August 2005
TrustBus'05: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Trust, Privacy, and Security in Digital Business
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

This paper addresses the problem of dealing with privacy management of personal data stored by enterprises. Accesses to personal data must keep into account privacy policies based on laws, enterprise guidelines, stated purposes of data and data subjects' ...
16
Introducing the Microsoft Vista event log file format
Andreas Schuster
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Several operating systems provide a central logging service which collects event messages from the kernel and applications, filters them and writes them into log files. Since more than a decade such a system service exists in Microsoft Windows NT. Its ...
Keywords: Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Log file, Microsoft Windows Vista, Windows event logging, evtx
17
Cybercrime, identity theft, and fraud: practicing safe internet - network security threats and vulnerabilities
Robert C. Newman
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (123.56 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 243,   Downloads (Overall): 5317,    Citation Count: 2

Computer networks and computer systems are experiencing attacks and threats from many areas. Threats are also extended to include the individual user's computer assets and resources. Information will be presented on the categories of security and privacy ...
Keywords: cybercrime, identity theft, internet fraud
18
Breaking up is hard to do: security and functionality in a commodity hypervisor
Patrick Colp, Mihir Nanavati, Jun Zhu, William Aiello, George Coker, Tim Deegan, Peter Loscocco, Andrew Warfield
October 2011
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.67 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 173,   Downloads (Overall): 866,    Citation Count: 20

Cloud computing uses virtualization to lease small slices of large-scale datacenter facilities to individual paying customers. These multi-tenant environments, on which numerous large and popular web-based applications run today, are founded on ...
19
Managing Information Security
John R. Vacca
March 2010
Managing Information Security
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.45 MB),  PDF (11.25 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 132,   Downloads (Overall): 171,    Citation Count: 1

Managing Information Security offers focused coverage of how to protect mission critical systems, how to deploy security management systems, IT security, ID Management, intrusion detection and prevention systems, computer forensics, network forensics, ...
20
Feature: Skeleton keys: the purpose and applications of keyloggers
Oleg Zaitsev
October 2010
Network Security , Volume 2010 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Keyloggers are used for many purposes - from monitoring staff through to cyber-espionage and malware. Understanding how they work is crucial if you want to ensure that sensitive data isn't being secretly captured in your organisation. So here we examine ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
21
A layered architectural model for music: Malaysian music on the World Wide Web
Minni Ang, Abu Talib Othman, A. K. Ramani, Gan Siowck-lee, Patricia Matusky
August 1998
Organised Sound , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Cambridge University Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The design and development of a layered Web architecture for Malaysian music can be applied as a model of Web architecture for music education, specifically for the introduction of the music of a particular country or region. The model is designed and ...
22
Flogger: A File-Centric Logger for Monitoring File Access and Transfers within Cloud Computing Environments
Ryan K. L. Ko, Peter Jagadpramana, Bu Sung Lee
November 2011
TRUSTCOM '11: Proceedings of the 2011IEEE 10th International Conference on Trust, Security and Privacy in Computing and Communications
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Trust is one of the main obstacles to widespread Cloud adoption. In order to increase trust in Cloud computing, we need to increase transparency and accountability of data in the Cloud for both enterprises and end-users. However, current system tools ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, logging, auditability, accountability, trust in Cloud computing, trusted Cloud, Cloud computing security, file-centric logs, file-centric logging mechanisms, detective mechanisms
23
Towards Strengthening Electoral Reforms using ICT
Staff
December 2010
Journal of E-Governance , Volume 33 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
24
Web Usage Mining: Discovery and Use of AIOU Web Usage Patterns
Moiz Uddin Ahmed, Amjad Mahmood
July 2012
International Journal of Technology Diffusion , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The technological revolutions have opened up new ways of information and communication. The Internet is growing as a vital source of information in this modern era of technology. The ever increasing volume of information through WWW is creating complexity ...
Keywords: Data Preprocessing, Pattern Analysis, Web Mining, Web usage, World Wide Web
25
Botnets: The Killer Web Applications
Craig Schiller, Jim Binkley
February 2007
Botnets: The Killer Web Applications
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (5.84 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 99,   Downloads (Overall): 479,    Citation Count: 5

The book begins with real world cases of botnet attacks to underscore the need for action. Next the book will explain botnet fundamentals using real world examples. These chapters will cover what they are, how they operate, and the environment and technology ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
26
A study on information wrapper protection profile
Kwo-Jean Farn, Shu-Kuo Lin, Jiann-Ming Hwang
April 2007
ACOS'07: Proceedings of the 6th Conference on WSEAS International Conference on Applied Computer Science - Volume 6 , Volume 6
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

How to help the end-users to identify and analyze the attacks in cyberspace has become extremely important to the information security task. Based on the standard of the Information Security Audit and Alarms Framework published by ISO, in this paper ...

Keywords: common criteria (CC), information security audit and alarms, protection profile (PP), security assurance, security functional
27
An empirical study of automatic event reconstruction systems
Sundararaman Jeyaraman, Mikhail J. Atallah
September 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Reconstructing the sequence of computer events that led to a particular event is an essential part of the digital investigation process. The ability to quantify the accuracy of automatic event reconstruction systems is an essential step in standardizing ...
Keywords: Digital forensics, Event reconstruction, Incident response, Intrusion analysis
28
A novel data replication mechanism in P2P VoD system
Xiaofei Liao, Hai Jin, Linchen Yu
June 2012
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 28 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the development of the Internet, high-quality streaming services, including Video-on-Demand, are more popular than ever with the help of P2P technologies. But peer-to-peer (P2P) on-demand streaming systems inevitably suffer from peer churn that ...
Keywords: Data replication, Peer churn, Peer-to-peer, Video-on-demand
29
Zero-fidelity simulation of fire emergency response: improving team coordination learning
Zachary O. Toups, Andruid Kerne, William A. Hamilton, Nabeel Shahzad
May 2011
CHI '11: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (897.47 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 276,    Citation Count: 7

Fire emergency responders rely on team coordination to survive and succeed in high-stress environments, but traditional education does not directly teach these essential skills. Prior simulations seek the highest possible fidelity, employing resources ...
Keywords: distributed cognition, education, emergency response, games, implicit coordination, zero-fidelity simulation
30
Analyzing multiple logs for forensic evidence
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha, Mohamed Saleh
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal methods. We propose ...
Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Log correlation, Logging systems, Model checking
31
Using lamport's logical clocks to consolidate log files from different sources
Roberto Gómez, Jorge Herrerias, Erika Mata
June 2005
IICS'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Innovative Internet Community Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Event logging and log files are playing an important role in system and network security. Log files record computer system activities, are used to provide requirements of reliability, security and accountability applications. Information stored in log ...
32
Tamper detection in audit logs
Richard T. Snodgrass, Shilong Stanley Yao, Christian Collberg
August 2004
VLDB '04: Proceedings of the Thirtieth international conference on Very large data bases - Volume 30 , Volume 30
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (186.30 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 211,    Citation Count: 25

Audit logs are considered good practice for business systems, and are required by federal regulations for secure systems, drug approval data, medical information disclosure, financial records, and electronic voting. Given the central role of audit logs, ...
33
Correlating messages from multiple IM networks to identify digital forensic artifacts
Muhammmad Yasin, Firdous Kausar, Eisa Aleisa, Jongsung Kim
November 2014
Electronic Commerce Research , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In recent years the usage of instant messaging (IM) has increased manifold. Recent reports show that law enforcement organizations are making requests for instant messaging information as a result of involvement in criminal activity. There can be multiple ...
Keywords: Forensic analysis, IM Aggregators, IM protocols, Instant message hopping, Instant messenger's forensic
34
Memory Dump Analysis Anthology, Volume 7
Dmitry Vostokov / Software Diagnostics Institute
June 2014
Memory Dump Analysis Anthology, Volume 7
Publisher: Opentask
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Contains revised, edited, cross-referenced, and thematically organized selected articles from Software Diagnostics Institute (DumpAnalysis.org + TraceAnalysis.org) and Software Diagnostics Library (former Crash Dump Analysis blog, DumpAnalysis.org/blog) ...
35
SP 800-18 Rev. 1. Guide for Developing Security Plans for Federal Information Systems
Marianne Swanson, Joan Hash, Pauline Bowen
February 2006
SP 800-18 Rev. 1. Guide for Developing Security Plans for Federal Information Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (369.02 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 216,   Downloads (Overall): 316,    Citation Count: 2

The objective of system security planning is to improve protection of information system resources. All federal systems have some level of sensitivity and require protection as part of good management practice. The protection of a system must be documented ...
Keywords: Authorize processing, computer security, general support system, major application, management controls, operational controls, rules of behavior, security plan, technical controls
36
Hot-hardening: getting more out of your security settings
Sebastian Biedermann, Stefan Katzenbeisser, Jakub Szefer
December 2014
ACSAC '14: Proceedings of the 30th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (531.66 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 76,    Citation Count: 0

Applying optimized security settings to applications is a difficult and laborious task. Especially in cloud computing, where virtual servers with various pre-installed software packages are leased, selecting optimized security settings is very difficult. ...
37
Feature: Investigating digital fingerprints: advanced log analysis
Eric Knight
October 2010
Network Security , Volume 2010 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Perhaps your organisation has recently suffered a data breach, which would not be uncommon as last year set records for information theft. For example, in 2009 the Identity Theft Resource Center reported 498 breaches that exposed over 222 million protected ...
38
Analysis of queries reaching SHIL on the web – an information system providing citizen information
Gilad Ravid, Judit Bar-Ilan, Sheizaf Rafaeli, Shifra Baruchson-Arbib
July 2006
NGITS'06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Next Generation Information Technologies and Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

SHIL on the Webp is the website of the Israeli Citizens' Advice Bureau. This is a high traffic site, where the sources of most of the external hits are result pages of general search engines. In this paper we analyzed these external hits with an ...
39
A survey of online failure prediction methods
Felix Salfner, Maren Lenk, Miroslaw Malek
March 2010
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.16 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 47,   Downloads (12 Months): 557,   Downloads (Overall): 4770,    Citation Count: 29

With the ever-growing complexity and dynamicity of computer systems, proactive fault management is an effective approach to enhancing availability. Online failure prediction is the key to such techniques. In contrast to classical reliability methods, ...

Keywords: Error, failure prediction, fault, prediction metrics, runtime monitoring
40
Network Security: Know It All: Know It All
James Joshi
May 2008
Network Security: Know It All: Know It All
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (3.92 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 133,   Downloads (Overall): 594,    Citation Count: 0

Network Security: Know It All explains the basics, describes the protocols, and discusses advanced topics, by the best and brightest experts in the field of network security.Assembled from the works of leading researchers and practitioners, this ...
Keywords: Networking
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
41
Towards building a scholarly big data platform: challenges, lessons and opportunities
Zhaohui Wu, Jian Wu, Madian Khabsa, Kyle Williams, Hung-Hsuan Chen, Wenyi Huang, Suppawong Tuarob, Sagnik Ray Choudhury, Alexander Ororbia, Prasenjit Mitra, C. Lee Giles
September 2014
JCDL '14: Proceedings of the 14th ACM/IEEE-CS Joint Conference on Digital Libraries
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (1.04 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 28,    Citation Count: 0

We introduce a big data platform that provides various services for harvesting scholarly information and enabling efficient scholarly applications. The core architecture of the platform is built on a secured private cloud, crawls data using a scholarly ...
Keywords: big data, information extraction, scholarly big data
42
SP 800-35. Guide to Information Technology Security Services
Timothy Grance, Joan Hash, Marc Stevens, Kristofor O'Neal, Nadya Bartol
October 2003
SP 800-35. Guide to Information Technology Security Services
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (2.70 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 56,    Citation Count: 1

Organizations frequently must evaluate and select a variety of information technology (IT) security services in order to maintain and improve their overall IT security program and enterprise architecture. IT security services, which range from security ...
Keywords: Computer security, information security, life cycle, outsourcing business case, security service, service level agreement, service provider, total cost of ownership
43
Reliable client accounting for P2P-infrastructure hybrids
Paarijaat Aditya, Mingchen Zhao, Yin Lin, Andreas Haeberlen, Peter Druschel, Bruce Maggs, Bill Wishon
April 2012
NSDI'12: Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Content distribution networks (CDNs) have started to adopt hybrid designs, which employ both dedicated edge servers and resources contributed by clients. Hybrid designs combine many of the advantages of infrastructure-based and peer-to-peer systems, ...
44
A web-based performance monitoring system for e-government services
Simon Fong, Ho Si Meng
November 2009
ICEGOV '09: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Theory and practice of electronic governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (567.73 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 494,    Citation Count:

An e-Government portal represents not only a public image of a sovereign region, but also a reliable service platform for many users from local citizens and beyond. This makes the requirement for robustness of e-Government portal relatively stringent. ...
Keywords: e-government, performance measurement, web monitoring
45
Privacy aware eLearning environments based on hippocratic database principles
Jasmin Azemovi?
September 2012
BCI '12: Proceedings of the Fifth Balkan Conference in Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (375.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 155,    Citation Count:

Ensuring privacy in modern information systems is of primary importance for the users of these environments. Use and trust of users certainly depends on the degree of privacy. Solution for the above mentioned problems can be found in application of the ...
Keywords: eLearning, hippocratic database, perfomance, privacy, privacy-aware
46
Characterizing logging practices in open-source software
Ding Yuan, Soyeon Park, Yuanyuan Zhou
June 2012
ICSE '12: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (919.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 308,    Citation Count: 13

Software logging is a conventional programming practice. As its efficacy is often important for users and developers to understand what have happened in production run, yet software logging is often done in an arbitrarily manner. So far, there have ...
47
Secur(e/ity) Management: A Continuing Uphill Climb
John Hale, Paul Brusil
December 2007
Journal of Network and Systems Management , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With ever growing and evolving threats and cyber attacks, the management of enterprise security and the security of enterprise management systems are key to business--if not a nation's--operations and survival. Secur(e/ity) management, the moniker for ...

Keywords: Enterprise networks, Information assurance, Secure management, Security industry, Security management, Security metrics
48
Evaluation of security solutions in the SCADA environment
Robert D. Larkin, Juan Lopez, Jr., Jonathan W. Butts, Michael R. Grimaila
March 2014
SIGMIS Database , Volume 45 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (985.54 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 51,   Downloads (12 Months): 390,   Downloads (Overall): 575,    Citation Count: 0

Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems control and monitor the electric power grid, water treatment facilities, oil and gas pipelines, railways, and other critical infrastructure assets. With the advent of greater connectivity via the ...
Keywords: critical infrastructure protection, experimentation, security, supervisory control and data acquisition (scada)
49
SP 800-98. Guidelines for Securing Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Systems
Athanasios T. Karygiannis, Bernard Eydt, Greg Barber, Lynn Bunn, Ted Phillips
April 2007
SP 800-98. Guidelines for Securing Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.38 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 53,    Citation Count: 5

This publication seeks to assist organizations in understanding the risks of RFID technology and security measures to mitigate those risks. It provides practical, real-world advice on how to initiate, design, implement and operate RFID systems in a manner ...
Keywords: Privacy, RFID, Radio Frequency Identification, Security
50
Accountability in organisations
Richard W. C. Lui, Lucas C. K. Hui, S. M. Yiu
June 2007
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 1 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Accountability is an important requirement in computer and information security but it is an ambiguous concept which is open to multiple interpretations. Most of the work in accountability from computer security research only focus on the association ...

Keywords: accountability, computer security, delegation, information security, non-repudiation, systems assurance
51
Integration of a system for critical infrastructure protection with the OSSIM SIEM platform: a dam case study
Luigi Coppolino, Salvatore D'Antonio, Valerio Formicola, Luigi Romano
September 2011
SAFECOMP'11: Proceedings of the 30th international conference on Computer safety, reliability, and security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

In recent years the monitoring and control devices in charge of supervising the critical processes of Critical Infrastructures have been victims of cyber attacks. To face such threat, organizations providing critical services are increasingly focusing ...
Keywords: OSSIM, SIEM, critical infrastructure protection, dam
52
A Survey of Cloud Computing Challenges from a Digital Forensics Perspective
Gregory H. Carlton, Hill Zhou
October 2011
International Journal of Interdisciplinary Telecommunications and Networking , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Computing and communication technologies have merged to produce an environment where many applications and their associated data reside in remote locations, often unknown to the users. The adoption of cloud computing promises many benefits to users and ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Computer Forensic Examiners, Computer Forensics, Digital Forensics, Forensic Data Acquisition
53
Backtracking intrusions
Samuel T. King, Peter M. Chen
December 2003
SOSP '03: Proceedings of the nineteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (185.10 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 2828,    Citation Count: 86

Analyzing intrusions today is an arduous, largely manual task because system administrators lack the information and tools needed to understand easily the sequence of steps that occurred in an attack. The goal of BackTracker is to identify automatically ...

Keywords: computer forensics, information flow, intrusion analysis

Also published in:
December 2003 SIGOPS Operating Systems Review Volume 37 Issue 5
54
OS-level hang detection in complex software systems
Antonio Bovenzi, Marcello Cinque, Domenico Cotroneo, Roberto Natella, Gabriella Carrozza
September 2011
International Journal of Critical Computer-Based Systems , Volume 2 Issue 3/4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Many critical services are nowadays provided by large and complex software systems. However, the increasing complexity introduces several sources of non-determinism, which may lead to hang failures: the system appears to be running, but part ...
55
A United States perspective on the ethical and legal issues of spyware
Janice C. Sipior, Burke T. Ward, Georgina R. Roselli
August 2005
ICEC '05: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Electronic commerce
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (320.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 2214,    Citation Count: 0

Spyware is regarded as the largest threat to internet users since spam, yet most users do not even know spyware is on their personal computers. Ethical and legal concerns associated with spyware call for a response. A balance must be found between legitimate ...
Keywords: ethics, law, privacy, spyware, trespass
56
Surveillance of anomaly and misuse in critical networks to counter insider threats using computational intelligence
D. Shalini Punithavathani, K. Sujatha, J. Mark Jain
March 2015
Cluster Computing , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Insider threat is minimally addressed by current information security practices, yet the insider poses the most serious threat to organization through various malicious activities. Forensic investigation is a technique used to prove the presence ...
Keywords: Computational intelligence log files, Digital evidence, Insider threat, Network forensics, Network traffic
57
A survey of query log privacy-enhancing techniques from a policy perspective
Alissa Cooper
October 2008
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (157.71 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 58,   Downloads (Overall): 909,    Citation Count: 16

As popular search engines face the sometimes conflicting interests of protecting privacy while retaining query logs for a variety of uses, numerous technical measures have been suggested to both enhance privacy and preserve at least a portion of the ...

Keywords: Privacy, log, policy, query, search
58
Digital forensics for enterprise rights management systems
Sebastian Schrittwieser, Peter Kieseberg, Edgar Weippl
December 2012
IIWAS '12: Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (765.55 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 75,   Downloads (Overall): 278,    Citation Count: 0

Digital forensics is the application of techniques to recover, reconstruct and analyze data from a computer or a similar system in order to gather digital evidence (e.g. on a suspicious employee or for law enforcement). Guidelines and standards for forensic ...
Keywords: databases, digital forensics, enterprise rights management, revocation
59
End-to-end policy based encryption techniques for multi-party data management
Michael Beiter, Marco Casassa Mont, Liqun Chen, Siani Pearson
June 2014
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 36 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a data management solution and associated key management approaches to provide accountability within service provision networks, in particular addressing privacy issues in cloud computing applications. Our solution involves machine readable ...
Keywords: Cloud, Policy enforcement, Privacy, Secret sharing, Sticky policy
60
Use of schema associative mapping for synchronization of the virtual machine audit logs
Sean Thorpe, Indrajit Ray, Tyrone Grandison
June 2011
CISIS'11: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Computational intelligence in security for information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Compute cloud interoperability across different domains represents a major challenge for the System administrator community. This work takes a look at the issues for enabling heterogeneous synchronization of virtual disk log attributes by use of an associative ...
Keywords: associative, attribute, log audit, synchronized, virtual machine
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
61
Cyber-risk decision models
Arunabha Mukhopadhyay, Samir Chatterjee, Debashis Saha, Ambuj Mahanti, Samir K. Sadhukhan
December 2013
Decision Support Systems , Volume 56 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Security breaches adversely impact profit margins, market capitalization and brand image of an organization. Global organizations resort to the use of technological devices to reduce the frequency of a security breach. To minimize the impact of financial ...
Keywords: Bayesian Belief Network, Copula, Cyber-insurance, Cyber-risk, Premium, Security breach, Utility models
62
Applying a reusable election threat model at the county level
Eric L. Lazarus, David L. Dill, Jeremy Epstein, Joseph Lorenzo Hall
August 2011
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

We describe the first systematic, quantitative threat evaluation in a local election jurisdiction in the U.S., Marin County, California, in the November 2010 general election. We made use of a reusable threat model that we have developed over several ...
63
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Karen A. Scarfone, Murugiah P. Souppaya, Amanda Cody, Angela D. Orebaugh
September 2008
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (469.61 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 159,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this document is to assist organizations in planning and conducting technical information security tests and examinations, analyzing findings, and developing mitigation strategies. The guide provides practical recommendations for designing, ...
Keywords: Penetration testing, risk assessment, security assessment, security examination, security testing, vulnerability scanning
64
Introduction: Computer crime - A 2011 update
John Austen
August 2010
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 15 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
65
Towards a SCADA Forensics Architecture
Tina Wu, Jules Ferdinand Pagna Disso, Kevin Jones, Adrian Campos
September 2013
ICS-CSR 2013: Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on ICS & SCADA Cyber Security Research 2013
Publisher: BCS
Full text available: PDF (721.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

With the increasing threat of sophisticated attacks on critical infrastructures, it is vital that forensic investigations take place immediately following a security incident. This paper presents an existing SCADA forensic process model and proposes ...
Keywords: Critical Infrastructures, Digital Forensics, EnCase, Forensic Architecture, PLC, Process Control, SCADA Forensics
66
Finding similar queries based on query representation analysis
Yuan Wang, Jie Liu, Jimeng Chen, Yalou Huang
September 2014
World Wide Web , Volume 17 Issue 5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In order to understand user intents behind their queries, many researchers study similar query finding. Recently, the click graph has shown its utility in describing the relationship between queries and URLs. The previous approaches mainly either generate ...
Keywords: Click graph, Query log analysis, Query representation, Query similarity, User intent
67
Experience with engineering a network forensics system
Ahmad Almulhem, Issa Traore
January 2005
ICOIN'05: Proceedings of the 2005 international conference on Information Networking: convergence in broadband and mobile networking
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Network Forensics is an important extension to the model of network security where emphasis is traditionally put on prevention and to a lesser extent on detection. It focuses on the capture, recording, and analysis of network ...
68
Teaching hands-on Linux host computer security
Rose Shumba
September 2006
Journal on Educational Resources in Computing (JERIC) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (264.05 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 958,    Citation Count:

In the summer of 2003, a project to augment and improve the teaching of information assurance courses was started at IUP. Thus far, ten hands-on exercises have been developed. The exercises described in this article, and presented in the appendix, are ...

Keywords: Computer security, cryptography, file integrity, file permissions, host security exercises, user accounts
69
Non-delegatable authorities in capability systems
Toby Murray, Duncan Grove
December 2008
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 16 Issue 6
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

We present a novel technique, known as the non-delegatable authority (NDA), for distributing authority to unconfined subjects in capability systems that prevents them from sharing the exact same authority that they have been given with anyone else. This ...

Keywords: Controlling delegation, capability systems, identity-based access control, multi-level security
70
Augmenting password recovery with online profiling
Khawla Al-Wehaibi, Tim Storer, William Bradley Glisson
August 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In investigations involving password-protected artefacts, password recovery can be a daunting task, consuming resources and causing delays in investigations. This paper describes work conducted to examine whether using online publicly available information ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Dictionary attacks, Digital forensics, Online profiling, PRTK, Password cracking, Password recovery
71
A survey of information security incident handling in the cloud
Nurul Hidayah Ab Rahman, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
March 2015
Computers and Security , Volume 49 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Incident handling strategy is one key strategy to mitigate risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) of organisation assets, as well as minimising loss (e.g. financial, reputational and legal) particularly as organisations move to ...
Keywords: Capability Maturity Model For Services (CMMI-SVC), Cloud computing, Cloud response, Incident handling, Incident management, Incident response
72
Identity management for cloud computing: developments and directions
Kevin Hamlen, Peng Liu, Murat Kantarcioglu, Bhavani Thuraisingham, Ting Yu
October 2011
CSIIRW '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (40.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 395,    Citation Count:
73
WebQuilt: a framework for capturing and visualizing the web experience
Jason I. Hong, James A. Landay
April 2001
WWW '01: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (611.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 1034,    Citation Count: 24

Keywords: WebQuilt, log file analysis, usability evaluation, web proxy, web visualization
74
Enabling forensics by proposing heuristics to identify mandatory log events
Jason King, Rahul Pandita, Laurie Williams
April 2015
HotSoS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (446.62 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 12,    Citation Count: 0

Software engineers often implement logging mechanisms to debug software and diagnose faults. As modern software manages increasingly sensitive data, logging mechanisms also need to capture detailed traces of user activity to enable forensics and hold ...
Keywords: accountability, forensics, logging, natural language, nonrepudiation, security, software requirements
75
Providing SIEM systems with self-adaptation
Guillermo Suarez-Tangil, Esther Palomar, Arturo Ribagorda, Ivan Sanz
January 2015
Information Fusion , Volume 21
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Security information and event management (SIEM) is considered to be a promising paradigm to reconcile traditional intrusion detection processes along with most recent advances on artificial intelligence techniques in providing automatic and self-adaptive ...
Keywords: Adaptive system, Artificial neural networks, Event correlation, Genetic programming, SIEM
76
Multi-Disciplinary Research Issues in Cloud Computing
Jitendra Singh, Vikas Kumar
July 2014
Journal of Information Technology Research , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing, characterized by on demand availability of resources is gaining a lot of popularity in the present day business scenario. This new computing paradigm is predicted to revolutionize the Information Technology industry with its dynamic ...
Keywords: Grid Computing, Mainframe, Metering and Pricing, Multi-Disciplinary, Research Issues in Cloud, SLA
77
Heuristics for evaluating IT security management tools
Pooya Jaferian, Kirstie Hawkey, Andreas Sotirakopoulos, Maria Velez-Rojas, Konstantin Beznosov
July 2011
SOUPS '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (314.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 369,    Citation Count:

The usability of IT security management (ITSM) tools is hard to evaluate by regular methods, making heuristic evaluation attractive. However, standard usability heuristics are hard to apply as IT security management occurs within a complex and collaborative ...
Keywords: IT security management, complex systems, computer supported cooperative work, heuristic evaluation
78
Audit-based compliance control
J. G. Cederquist, R. Corin, M. A. Dekker, S. Etalle, J. I. Hartog, G. Lenzini
March 2007
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 6 Issue 2-3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper we introduce a new framework for controlling compliance to discretionary access control policies [Cederquist et al. in Proceedings of the International Workshop on Policies for Distributed Systems and Networks (POLICY), 2005; Corin et al. ...
Keywords: Access control, Audit, Policy, Privacy
79
Automated identification of installed malicious Android applications
Mark Guido, Jared Ondricek, Justin Grover, David Wilburn, Thanh Nguyen, Andrew Hunt
August 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Increasingly, Android smartphones are becoming more pervasive within the government and industry, despite the limited ways to detect malicious applications installed to these phones' operating systems. Although enterprise security mechanisms are being ...
Keywords: Android, Enterprise, Mobile forensics, Monitoring, Periodic
80
Security Issues for Cloud Computing
Kevin Hamlen, Murat Kantarcioglu, Latifur Khan, Bhavani Thuraisingham
April 2010
International Journal of Information Security and Privacy , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

In this paper, the authors discuss security issues for cloud computing and present a layered framework for secure clouds and then focus on two of the layers, i.e., the storage layer and the data layer. In particular, the authors discuss a scheme for ...
Keywords: Access Control, Authentication, Bottom-Up Design, Data Mining, Information Processing, Ontology Theory, Real-Time IS
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
81
SP 800-122. Guide to Protecting the Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Erika McCallister, Timothy Grance, Karen A. Scarfone
April 2010
SP 800-122. Guide to Protecting the Confidentiality of Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (812.32 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 135,   Downloads (Overall): 196,    Citation Count: 6

The purpose of this document is to assist Federal agencies in protecting the confidentiality of personally identifiable information (PII) in information systems. The document explains the importance of protecting the confidentiality of PII in the context ...
Keywords: FIPS 199, PII, PII confidentiality impact level, confidentiality, personally identifiable information, privacy
82
Mining Query Logs: Turning Search Usage Data into Knowledge
Fabrizio Silvestri
January 2010
Foundations and Trends in Information Retrieval , Volume 4 Issue 1—2
Publisher: Now Publishers Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 47

Web search engines have stored in their logs information about users since they started to operate. This information often serves many purposes. The primary focus of this survey is on introducing to the discipline of query mining by showing its foundations ...
83
Privacy promises that can be kept: a policy analysis method with application to the HIPAA privacy rule
Omar Chowdhury, Andreas Gampe, Jianwei Niu, Jeffery von Ronne, Jared Bennatt, Anupam Datta, Limin Jia, William H. Winsborough
June 2013
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (533.98 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count: 1

Organizations collect personal information from individuals to carry out their business functions. Federal privacy regulations, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), mandate how this collected information can be shared ...
Keywords: HIPAA, obligations, policy analysis, privacy policy
84
From devices to people: attribution of search activity in multi-user settings
Ryen W. White, Ahmed Hassan, Adish Singla, Eric Horvitz
April 2014
WWW '14: Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on World wide web
Publisher: International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee
Full text available: PDF (642.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 90,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 2

Online services rely on unique identifiers of machines to tailor offerings to their users. An implicit assumption is made that each machine identifier maps to an individual. However, shared ma-chines are common, leading to interwoven search histories ...
Keywords: multi-user settings, search activity attribution
85
Physical and Logical Security Convergence: Powered By Enterprise Security Management: Powered By Enterprise Security Management
Brian T. Contos, Steve Hunt, Colby Derodeff
April 2007
Physical and Logical Security Convergence: Powered By Enterprise Security Management: Powered By Enterprise Security Management
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (10.55 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 0

Government and companies have already invested hundreds of millions of dollars in the convergence of physical and logical security solutions, but there are no books on the topic.This book begins with an overall explanation of information security, ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
86
Balancing accountability and privacy in the network
David Naylor, Matthew K. Mukerjee, Peter Steenkiste
August 2014
SIGCOMM '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM conference on SIGCOMM
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (813.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 81,   Downloads (12 Months): 1428,   Downloads (Overall): 1428,    Citation Count: 0

Though most would agree that accountability and privacy are both valuable, today's Internet provides little support for either. Previous efforts have explored ways to offer stronger guarantees for one of the two, typically at the expense of the other; ...
Keywords: accountability, privacy, source address
87
A logic for authorization provenance
Jinwei Hu, Yan Zhang, Ruixuan Li, Zhengding Lu
April 2010
ASIACCS '10: Proceedings of the 5th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (790.97 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 235,    Citation Count: 1

In distributed environments, statements from a number of principals, besides the central trusted party, may influence the derivations of authorization decisions. However, existing authorization logics put few emphasis on this set of principals - authorization ...

Keywords: authorization, authorization logic, authorization provenance, logic, provenance
88
Tree-formed verification data for trusted platforms
Andreas U. Schmidt, Andreas Leicher, Andreas Brett, Yogendra Shah, Inhyok Cha
February 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 32 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The establishment of trust relationships to a computing platform relies on validation processes. Validation allows an external entity to build trust in the expected behaviour of the platform based on provided evidence of the platform's configuration. ...
Keywords: Hash tree, Measurement log, Remote attestation, Trusted platform, Validation, Verification data
89
Application-level isolation and recovery with solitude
Shvetank Jain, Fareha Shafique, Vladan Djeric, Ashvin Goel
April 2008
Eurosys '08: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys European Conference on Computer Systems 2008
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (218.41 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 629,    Citation Count: 13

When computer systems are compromised by an attack, it is difficult to determine the precise extent of the damage caused by the attack because the state changes made by an attacker and those made by regular users can be closely intertwined. This problem ...

Keywords: access control, copy-on-write, file systems, recovery, taint analysis, transactional file system

Also published in:
April 2008 SIGOPS Operating Systems Review Volume 42 Issue 4
90
Feature: Forensic investigation of cloud computing systems
Mark Taylor, John Haggerty, David Gresty, David Lamb
March 2011
Network Security , Volume 2011 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

Cloud computing describes a computing concept where software services, and the resources they use, operate as (and on) a virtualised platform across many different host machines, connected by the Internet or an organisation's internal network. From a ...
91
Enabling the 21st century health care information technology revolution
Rakesh Agrawal, Tyrone Grandison, Christopher Johnson, Jerry Kiernan
February 2007
Communications of the ACM , Volume 50 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (42.75 KB),  PDF (678.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 4036,    Citation Count: 9

The U.S. government's vision of the health care information infrastructure is possible using technologies that support the sharing of medical e-records while maintaining patient privacy.
92
Improving evidence acquisition from live network sources
Bruce J. Nikkel
June 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

The pervasiveness of network technology is causing a shift in the location of digital evidence. What was once largely found on individual disks tied to single individuals is now becoming distributed across remote networked machines, under the control ...
Keywords: Live network acquisition, Live network evidence, Live network forensics, NFAT, Network forensics
93
Preference-Function Algorithm: a novel approach for selection of the users' preferred websites
S. Kami Makki, Seema Jani, Xiaohua Jia, Wuxu Peng
October 2007
International Journal of Business Intelligence and Data Mining , Volume 2 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Designing a website which is helpful to its users requires knowledge of the users' preferences and their motivations. Therefore, a designer requires to anticipate the users' needs and structures the website accordingly. This paper implements ...

Keywords: classification, clustering, customisation, data mining, pattern discovery, personalisation, preferred websites, usage mining, user preferences, web mining, web pages, website design, website selection
94
Strategic alternatives in telecare design
Albert Boonstra, Manda Broekhuis, Marjolein van Offenbeek, Hans Wortmann
June 2011
The Journal of Strategic Information Systems , Volume 20 Issue 2
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Research highlights¿ We integrate work on strategic value configurations within the Strategic IS alignment model. ¿ A framework involving three distinct alignment configurations is developed for telecare. ¿ We use this framework to explain the contrasting ...
Keywords: Design, Strategic alignment, Telecare, Value configurations
95
Acquiring volatile operating system data tools and techniques
Iain Sutherland, Jon Evans, Theodore Tryfonas, Andrew Blyth
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (130.36 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 1396,    Citation Count: 6

The current approach to forensic examination during search and seizure has predominantly been to pull the plug on the suspect machine and subsequently perform a post mortem examination on the storage medium. However, with the advent of larger capacities ...

Keywords: forensics, live acquisition, volatile data
96
Designing and implementing cloud-based digital forensics hands-on labs
Michael Simmons, Hongmei Chi
October 2012
InfoSecCD '12: Proceedings of the 2012 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (150.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 117,   Downloads (Overall): 467,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is radically changing the way how information technology services are created, delivered, accessed and managed. The rise of cloud computing not only has exacerbated the problem of scale for digital forensics activities, but also created ...
Keywords: Amazon EC2, EnCase, FTK, VMware, case study, cloud computing, cloud forensics, computer security, digital forensics
97
NetQuery: a knowledge plane for reasoning about network properties
Alan Shieh, Emin Gün Sirer, Fred B. Schneider
August 2011
SIGCOMM '11: Proceedings of the ACM SIGCOMM 2011 conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mp4 (2798546:46 MIN),  PDF (782.77 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 588,    Citation Count: 5

This paper presents the design and implementation of NetQuery, a knowledge plane for federated networks such as the Internet. In such networks, not all administrative domains will generate information that an application can trust and many administrative ...
Keywords: knowledge plane, tpm, trustworthy computing

Also published in:
October 2011 SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review Volume 41 Issue 4
98
An access control reference architecture
Amir Jerbi, Ethan Hadar, Carrie Gates, Dmitry Grebenev
October 2008
CSAW '08: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM workshop on Computer security architectures
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (342.42 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 373,    Citation Count:

System administrators typically have unrestricted access to all files and programs on a system, with no enforced principle of least privilege. Additionally, this unrestricted access causes challenges for audit as many different users might have superuser ...

Keywords: access control, architecture centric evolution, reference architecture, security
99
The Basics of Information Security: Understanding the Fundamentals of InfoSec in Theory and Practice, 2nd edition
Jason Andress
June 2014
The Basics of Information Security: Understanding the Fundamentals of InfoSec in Theory and Practice, 2nd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.46 MB),  PDF (10.36 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 131,   Downloads (12 Months): 402,   Downloads (Overall): 402,    Citation Count: 0

As part of the Syngress Basics series, The Basics of Information Security provides you with fundamental knowledge of information security in both theoretical and practical aspects. Author Jason Andress gives you the basic knowledge needed to understand ...
100
Overview of SLL's proposal in response to NIST's call for new global IdM/CKM designs without public keys
Benjamin Gittins
April 2010
CSIIRW '10: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (100.32 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 52,    Citation Count:

In this paper we outline (apparently) the first globally scalable, post quantum secure, symmetric method of Identity Management (IdM) and Cryptographic Key Management (CKM) that is secure against a collusion of up to m-1 participating ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
101
Regulating Exceptions in Healthcare Using Policy Spaces
Claudio Agostino Ardagna, Sabrina Capitani Di Vimercati, Tyrone Grandison, Sushil Jajodia, Pierangela Samarati
July 2008
Proceeedings of the 22nd annual IFIP WG 11.3 working conference on Data and Applications Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

One truth holds for the healthcare industry - nothing should interfere with the delivery of care. Given this fact, the access control mechanisms used in healthcare to regulate and restrict the disclosure of data are often bypassed. This <em>"break ...
102
The role of key loggers in computer-based assessment forensics
R. Laubscher, M. S. Olivier, H. S. Venter, J. H. P. Eloff, D. J. Rabe
July 2005
SAICSIT '05: Proceedings of the 2005 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: PDF (82.44 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 1119,    Citation Count: 0

When conducting a computer-based assessment in an educational environment, several infringements of assessment regulations could arise. Examples are, illegal communication (e.g. by e-mail, web or cell phone); hiding of computer objects with the aim of ...
Keywords: computer-based assessment forensics, digital evidence collection
103
Security analysis of public cloud computing
Joseph Idziorek, Mark Tannian
July 2012
International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems , Volume 9 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Cloud computing is in its infancy and continues to evolve. As this evolution proceeds, there are a number of privacy and security concerns emerging from the cloud computing model that need to be addressed before broad acceptance occurs. This paper is ...
104
Reverse engineering for mobile systems forensics with Ares
John Tuttle, Robert J. Walls, Erik Learned-Miller, Brian Neil Levine
October 2010
Insider Threats '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ACM workshop on Insider threats
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (483.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 275,    Citation Count: 2

We present Ares, a reverse engineering technique for assisting in the analysis of data recovered for the investigation of mobile and embedded systems. The focus of investigations into insider activity is most often on the data stored on the insider's ...
Keywords: data recovery, forensics, mobile phones, reverse engineering
105
I know what your packet did last hop: using packet histories to troubleshoot networks
Nikhil Handigol, Brandon Heller, Vimalkumar Jeyakumar, David Mazières, Nick McKeown
April 2014
NSDI'14: Proceedings of the 11th USENIX Conference on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

The complexity of networks has outpaced our tools to debug them; today, administrators use manual tools to diagnose problems. In this paper, we show how packet histories--the full stories of every packet's journey through the network--can simplify network ...
106
Network security management with traffic pattern clustering
Tao-Wei Chiou, Shi-Chun Tsai, Yi-Bing Lin
September 2014
Soft Computing - A Fusion of Foundations, Methodologies and Applications , Volume 18 Issue 9
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Profiling network traffic pattern is an important approach for tackling network security problem. Based on campus network infrastructure, we propose a new method to identify randomly generated domain names and pinpoint the potential victim groups. We ...
Keywords: Big data, Clustering, Denial of service, Jaccard similarity, Machine learning, ROC curve
107
Accountable key infrastructure (AKI): a proposal for a public-key validation infrastructure
Tiffany Hyun-Jin Kim, Lin-Shung Huang, Adrian Perring, Collin Jackson, Virgil Gligor
May 2013
WWW '13: Proceedings of the 22nd international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee
Full text available: PDF (446.45 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 25,   Downloads (12 Months): 113,   Downloads (Overall): 220,    Citation Count: 9

Recent trends in public-key infrastructure research explore the tradeoff between decreased trust in Certificate Authorities (CAs), resilience against attacks, communication overhead (bandwidth and latency) for setting up an SSL/TLS connection, and availability ...
Keywords: accountability, certificate validation, public log servers, public-key infrastructure, ssl, tls
108
More than modelling and hiding: towards a comprehensive view of Web mining and privacy
Bettina Berendt
May 2012
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 24 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Over the last decade, privacy has been widely recognised as one of the major problems of data collections in general and the Web in particular. This concerns specifically data arising from Web usage (such as querying or transacting) and social networking ...
Keywords: Knowledge discovery cycle, Privacy, Social network analysis, Web mining, Web usage (mining)
109
A review of smart homes-Present state and future challenges
Marie Chan, Daniel Estève, Christophe Escriba, Eric Campo
July 2008
Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine , Volume 91 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 55

In the era of information technology, the elderly and disabled can be monitored with numerous intelligent devices. Sensors can be implanted into their home for continuous mobility assistance and non-obtrusive disease prevention. Modern sensor-embedded ...

Keywords: Elderly people, Smart home
110
Securing the Cloud: Cloud Computer Security Techniques and Tactics
J. R. Vic Winkler
May 2011
Securing the Cloud: Cloud Computer Security Techniques and Tactics
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (7.11 MB),  PDF (6.86 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 205,    Citation Count: 7

As companies turn to cloud computing technology to streamline and save money, security is a fundamental concern. Loss of certain control and lack of trust make this transition difficult unless you know how to handle it. Securing the Cloud discusses making ...
111
TrustGK monitor: 'customer trust as a service' for the cloud
Gaurangkumar Khalasi, Minubhai Chaudhari
September 2012
CUBE '12: Proceedings of the CUBE International Information Technology Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (582.56 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is an attractive model for cost conscious customers by providing computing resources in the form of readily available services with pay-as-you-go plans. With the use of the Cloud computing, many businesses get affordable and convenient ...
Keywords: cloud computing, logs, system controls, trust components
112
Reflections on spartan programming and the no-debugger principle
Joseph Yossi Gil
October 2010
HVC'10: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Hardware and software: verification and testing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this not too scientific presentation, I briefly described my spartan programming methodology, and said why I believe debuggers should never be used. In a way, these two offer indirect means of coping with intractable problem of software quality: The ...
113
Can DREs provide long-lasting security? the case of return-oriented programming and the AVC advantage
Stephen Checkoway, Ariel J. Feldman, Brian Kantor, J. Alex Halderman, Edward W. Felten, Hovav Shacham
August 2009
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 28

A secure voting machine design must withstand new attacks devised throughout its multi-decade service lifetime. In this paper, we give a case study of the longterm security of a voting machine, the Sequoia AVC Advantage, whose design dates back to the ...
114
Advanced Persistent Threat: Understanding the Danger and How to Protect Your Organization, 1st edition
Eric Cole
December 2012
Advanced Persistent Threat: Understanding the Danger and How to Protect Your Organization, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.51 MB),  PDF (7.46 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 97,   Downloads (Overall): 147,    Citation Count: 0

The newest threat to security has been categorized as the Advanced Persistent Threat or APT. The APT bypasses most of an organization's current security devices, and is typically carried out by an organized group, such as a foreign nation state or rogue ...
115
A Consolidated Process Model for Identity Management
Paul Watters, Shiping Chen, Alex Ng
July 2012
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 25 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Recently, identity management has gained increasing attention from both enterprises and government organisations, in terms of security, privacy, and trust. A considerable number of theories and techniques have been developed to deal with identity management ...
Keywords: Identity Management Framework, Interoperability, Privacy, Process Model, Taxonomy
116
Toward a threat model for storage systems
Ragib Hasan, Suvda Myagmar, Adam J. Lee, William Yurcik
November 2005
StorageSS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM workshop on Storage security and survivability
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (258.24 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 1414,    Citation Count: 12

The growing number of storage security breaches as well as the need to adhere to government regulations is driving the need for greater storage protection. However, there is the lack of a comprehensive process to designing storage protection solutions. ...
Keywords: security, storage system, threat model
117
A survey of security in multi-agent systems
Rodolfo Carneiro Cavalcante, Ig Ibert Bittencourt, Alan Pedro da Silva, Marlos Silva, Evandro Costa, Robério Santos
April 2012
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 39 Issue 5
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Multi-agent systems (MAS) are a relatively new software paradigm that is being widely accepted in several application domains to address large and complex tasks. However, with the use of MAS in open, distributed and heterogeneous applications, the security ...
Keywords: Agents, Multi-agent systems, Multi-agents, Security, Security in MAS
118
VMBLS: virtual machine based logging scheme for prevention of tampering and loss
Masaya Sato, Toshihiro Yamauchi
August 2011
ARES'11: Proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4/8.9 international cross domain conference on Availability, reliability and security for business, enterprise and health information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Logging information is necessary in order to understand a computer's behavior. However, there is a possibility that attackers will delete logs to hide the evidence of their attacking and cheating. Moreover, various problems might cause the loss of logging ...
Keywords: digital forensics, log, security, virtual machine monitor, virtualization
119
Enforcing Minimum Necessary Access in Healthcare Through Integrated Audit and Access Control
Paul Martin, Aviel D. Rubin, Rafae Bhatti
September 2013
BCB'13: Proceedings of the International Conference on Bioinformatics, Computational Biology and Biomedical Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (427.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 0

One of the most important requirements of HIPAA is the "minimum-necessary" access requirement, which states that healthcare personnel must be granted no more access to electronic healthcare data than is necessary in order to work effectively. Due to ...
120
Investigative behavior profiling with one class SVM for computer forensics
Wilson Naik Bhukya, Sateesh Kumar Banothu
December 2011
MIWAI'11: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Multi-Disciplinary Trends in Artificial Intelligence
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Behavior profiling of a user or a system is of great importance and is a non-trivial task of system forensic experts. User profiling information is very much useful for forensic investigators by monitoring and collecting significant changes in user's ...
Keywords: GUI based profiling, SVM, forensic investigation, mouse events, user behavior
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
121
Model-driven web usage analysis for the evaluation of web application quality
Piero Fraternali, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Andrea Maurino
October 2004
Journal of Web Engineering , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Rinton Press, Incorporated
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

So far, conceptual modeling of Web applications has been used primarily in the upper part of the life cycle, as a driver for system analysis. Little attention has been put on exploiting the conceptual specifications developed during analysis for application ...
Keywords: conceptual modeling, quality evaluation, web usage analysis, web usage mining, webML
122
Augmenting security and accountability within the eHealth exchange
M. Ahmed, M. Ahamad, T. Jaiswal
January 2014
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 58 Issue 1
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The increased use of electronic medical records and online sharing of such records is motivated by improved quality of healthcare delivery. However, this use has raised security and privacy concerns because sensitive medical data could be exposed to ...
123
Secure audit logs to support computer forensics
Bruce Schneier, John Kelsey
May 1999
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (125.50 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 3638,    Citation Count: 66

In many real-world applications, sensitive information must be kept it log files on an untrusted machine. In the event that an attacker captures this machine, we would like to guarantee that he will gain little or no information from the log files and ...

Keywords: audit logs, auditing, authenthication, computer forensics, hash chains, intrusion detection
124
A survey on session detection methods in query logs and a proposal for future evaluation
Daniel Gayo-Avello
May 2009
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 179 Issue 12
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 17

Search engine logs provide a highly detailed insight of users' interactions. Hence, they are both extremely useful and sensitive. The datasets publicly available to scholars are, unfortunately, too few, too dated and too small. There are few because ...

Keywords: Query log, Search engine, Session detection, Topical session, Web searching
125
Building security requirements with CLASP
John Viega
July 2005
SESS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 workshop on Software engineering for secure systems—building trustworthy applications
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (68.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 665,    Citation Count: 6

Traditionally, security requirements have been derived in an ad hoc manner. Recently, commercial software development organizations have been looking for ways to produce effective security requirements.In this paper, we show how to build security ...

Keywords: application security, security process, security requirements

Also published in:
July 2005 SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes Volume 30 Issue 4
126
Policy-based management and sharing of sensitive information among government agencies
Tryg Ager, Christopher Johnson, Jerry Kiernan
October 2006
MILCOM'06: Proceedings of the 2006 IEEE conference on Military communications
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose a set of policy-based technologies to enable increased information sharing among government agencies without compromising information security or individual privacy. Our approach includes: (1) fine-grained access controls that support deny ...
127
POSTER: Dr. Watson provides data for post-breach analysis
Wasim Ahmad Bhat, S.M.K. Quadri
November 2013
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (434.81 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count: 0

Nowadays security systems have become highly sophisticated. However, breaches are inevitable. Nevertheless, post-breach analysis is performed to assess the severity of the breach and to trace the intruder's actions. This paper proposes drWatson, a layered ...
Keywords: dr. watson, file system, post-breach analysis, security breach
128
WELFIT
Vagner Figueredo de Santana, Maria Cecília Calani Baranauskas
April 2015
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 76 Issue C
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Although websites evaluation tools use different data sources (e.g., Web pages, server logs, and mouse tracks), few of them support remote evaluation using detailed observational data. Without considering data that represent the user's real interaction ...
Keywords: Client-side events, Remote evaluation, User interface evaluation, User interface events, Web accessibility, Web usability
129
Grid-Enabled Virtual Organization Based Dynamic Firewall
Mark L. Green, Steven M. Gallo, Russ Miller
November 2004
GRID '04: Proceedings of the 5th IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (1.88 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 4,   Downloads (Overall): 163,    Citation Count: 4

The development of heterogeneous grid infrastructure is in its infancy and the potential impact of unauthorized network connections and/or potential system corruption is a serious concern. This project addresses the need for the integration of a dynamic ...
130
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - Preparation and challenges
Andy Johnston, Jessica Reust
September 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As new legislation is written mandating notification of affected parties following the compromise of confidential data, reliable investigative procedures into unauthorized access of such data assume increasing importance. The increasing costs and penalties ...
Keywords: Compromise of sensitive information, Digital forensic examination, Forensic preparedness, Incident response, Intrusion investigation, Network forensics
131
CrowdLogging: distributed, private, and anonymous search logging
Henry Allen Feild, James Allan, Joshua Glatt
July 2011
SIGIR '11: Proceedings of the 34th international ACM SIGIR conference on Research and development in Information Retrieval
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (524.53 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 268,    Citation Count: 4

We describe CrowdLogging, an approach for distributed search log collection, storage, and mining, with the dual goals of preserving privacy and making the mined information broadly available. Most search log mining approaches and most privacy enhancing ...
Keywords: distributed query logs, private query log analysis
132
Automated construction of a false digital alibi
Alfredo De Santis, Aniello Castiglione, Giuseppe Cattaneo, Giancarlo De Maio, Mario Ianulardo
August 2011
ARES'11: Proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4/8.9 international cross domain conference on Availability, reliability and security for business, enterprise and health information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recent legal cases have shown that digital evidence is becoming more widely used in court proceedings (by defense, accusation, public prosecutor, etc.). Digital tracks can be left on computers, phones, digital cameras as well as third party servers belonging ...
Keywords: anti-forensics, automated alibi, counter-forensics, digital alibi, digital evidence, digital forensics, digital investigation, false alibi, false digital alibi, false digital evidence
133
Piranha audit: a kernel enhancements and utilities to improve audit/logging
Vincenzo Cutello, Emilio Mastriani, Francesco Pappalardo
October 2000
ALS'00: Proceedings of the 4th annual Linux Showcase & Conference - Volume 4 , Volume 4
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents a mechanism to enrich logging as required in TCSEC [1] document to detect and stop possible intrusions based on typical attacks and to protect the sensible audit data from deletion/modification even in root compromise situation. After ...
134
Automated extraction of behavioural profiles from document usage
S. D. Wolthusen
January 2007
BT Technology Journal , Volume 25 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Both human analysts and particularly automated tool suites are capable of deriving sensitive information and conclusions from collections of data items that individually cannot be considered critical or sensitive. This activity of analysing and correlating ...
135
EMV: why payment systems fail
Ross Anderson, Steven J. Murdoch
June 2014
Communications of the ACM , Volume 57 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (24.59 KB),  PDF (2.57 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 529,   Downloads (Overall): 991,    Citation Count: 0

What lessons might we learn from the chip cards used for payments in Europe, now that the U.S. is adopting them too?
136
Mining search engine query logs for social filtering-based query recommendation
Zhiyong Zhang, Olfa Nasraoui
September 2008
Applied Soft Computing , Volume 8 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

This paper presents a simple and intuitive method for mining search engine query logs for fast social filtering, where searchers are provided with dynamic query recommendations on a large-scale industrial-strength search engine. We adopt a dynamic approach ...

Keywords: Query log, Recommendation, Social filtering, Web mining
137
Combining a bayesian classifier with visualisation: understanding the IDS
Stefan Axelsson
October 2004
VizSEC/DMSEC '04: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Visualization and data mining for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (332.05 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1002,    Citation Count: 4

Despite several years of intensive study, intrusion detection systems still suffer from two key deficiencies: Low detection rates and a high rate of false alarms. To counteract these drawbacks an interactive detection system based on simple Bayesian ...
Keywords: intrusion detection, naive bayesian classification
138
Educational data mining: a review of the state of the art
Cristóbal Romero, Sebastián Ventura
November 2010
IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part C: Applications and Reviews , Volume 40 Issue 6
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 50

Educational datamining (EDM) is an emerging interdisciplinary research area that deals with the development of methods to explore data originating in an educational context. EDM uses computational approaches to analyze educational data in order to study ...
Keywords: data mining (DM), educational data mining (EDM), educational systems, knowledge discovery
139
Oblivious user management for cloud-based data synchronization
Mahmood Ahmad, Zeeshan Pervez, Taechoong Cheong, Sungyoung Lee
April 2015
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 71 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

One of the main issues with data sharing in cloud environment is to manage user access and its auto revocation in a controlled and flexible way. The issue becomes more complex when privacy on user access has to be ensured as well to hide additional leakage ...
Keywords: Cloud storage, Oblivious access, Privacy, Private matching
140
Modeling of information system correlated events time dependencies
Jacques Saraydaryan, Véronique Legrand, Stéphane Ubéda
June 2008
NOTERE '08: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on New technologies in distributed systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (670.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count:

Many works have been carried out in events correlation and intrusion detection. Although they use different methods or correlation approaches, they all highlight the importance of time in their modeling process. In this paper, we suggest a new time consideration ...

Keywords: Bayesian network, behavior, global vision, intrusion detection
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
141
SecLaaS: secure logging-as-a-service for cloud forensics
Shams Zawoad, Amit Kumar Dutta, Ragib Hasan
May 2013
ASIA CCS '13: Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGSAC symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (665.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 211,   Downloads (Overall): 587,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing has emerged as a popular computing paradigm in recent years. However, today's cloud computing architectures often lack support for computer forensic investigations. Analyzing various logs (e.g., process logs, network logs) plays a vital ...
Keywords: cloud forensics, cloud security, forensic investigation, logging-as-a-service
142
Steganography in streaming multimedia over networks
Hong Zhao, Yun Q. Shi, Nirwan Ansari
January 2012
Transactions on Data Hiding and Multimedia Security VII
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents steganography methods to covertly transmit data via RTP (Real-time Transport Protocol) header and RTP payload in multimedia streaming over networks. The proposed covert channels do not change the original traffic pattern. The bandwidth ...
Keywords: covert channels, information hiding, network steganography
143
Profiling the operational behavior of OS device drivers
Constantin Sârbu, Andréas Johansson, Neeraj Suri, Nachiappan Nagappan
August 2010
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

As the complexity of modern Operating Systems (OS) increases, testing key OS components such as device drivers (DD) becomes increasingly complex given the multitude of possible DD interactions. Currently, DD testing entails a broad spectrum ...
Keywords: Device driver, Empirical studies, Operating system, Operational profile, Runtime behavior
144
A privacy-preserving secure service discovery protocol for ubiquitous computing environments
Jangseong Kim, Joonsang Baek, Kwangjo Kim, Jianying Zhou
September 2010
EuroPKI'10: Proceedings of the 7th European conference on Public key infrastructures, services and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently, numerous service discovery protocols have been introduced in the open literature. Unfortunately, many of them did not consider security issues, and for those that did, many security and privacy problems still remain. One important issue is ...
145
Administering Very High Volume Internet Services
Dan Mosedale, William Foss, Rob McCool
September 1995
LISA '95: Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Providing WWW or FTP service on a small scale is already a well-solved problem. Scaling this to work at a site that accepts millions of connections per day, however, can easily push multiple machines and networks to the bleeding edge. In this paper, ...
146
An authentication and validation mechanism for analyzing syslogs forensically
Steena D. S. Monteiro, Robert F. Erbacher
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (365.84 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 530,    Citation Count:

This research proposes a novel technique for authenticating and validating syslogs for forensic analysis. This technique uses a modification of the Needham Schroeder protocol, which uses nonces (numbers used only once) and public keys. Syslogs, which ...

Keywords: authentication and validation, forensic validity, model, system log files
147
Employing inductive databases in concrete applications
Rosa Meo, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Danilo Careggio, Roberto Esposito
March 2004
Proceedings of the 2004 European conference on Constraint-Based Mining and Inductive Databases
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper we present the application of the inductive database approach to two practical analytical case studies: Web usage mining in Web logs and financial data. As far as concerns the Web domain, we have considered the enriched XML Web logs, that ...
148
Disappearing Cryptography: Information Hiding: Steganography & Watermarking, 3 edition
Peter Wayner
December 2008
Disappearing Cryptography: Information Hiding: Steganography & Watermarking, 3 edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.79 MB),  PDF (5.35 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 94,   Downloads (Overall): 410,    Citation Count: 5

Cryptology is the practice of hiding digital information by means of various obfuscatory and steganographic techniques. The application of said techniques facilitates message confidentiality and sender/receiver identity authentication, and helps to ensure ...
Keywords: Security
149
E-voting and forensics: prying open the black box
Matt Bishop, Sean Peisert, Candice Hoke, Mark Graff, David Jefferson
August 2009
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Over the past six years, the nation has moved rapidly from punch cards and levers to electronic voting systems. These new systems have occasionally presented election officials with puzzling technical irregularities. The national experience has included ...
150
The implementation guidance for practicing network isolation by referring to ISO-17799 standard
Yeu-Pong Lai, Ruan-Han Dai
June 2009
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In these years, the company budgets are raised dramatically for eliminating the security problems or mitigating the security risks in companies, but the numbers of incidents happening on computer systems in intranet or internet are still increasing. ...

Keywords: ISO-17799, Network isolation, Physical and environmental security, Security network control, Segregation in networks, Sensitive system isolation
151
The challenges of large computer evidence cases
Peter Sommer
February 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2
152
Local anomaly detection for mobile network monitoring
Pekka Kumpulainen, Kimmo Hätönen
October 2008
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 178 Issue 20
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Huge amounts of operation data are constantly collected from various parts of communication networks. These data include measurements from the radio connections and system logs from servers. System operators and developers need robust, easy to use decision ...

Keywords: Adaptive thresholds, Local anomaly detection, Mobile networks, Outlier, Self-organizing map, System log
153
SP 800-123. Guide to General Server Security
Karen A. Scarfone, Wayne Jansen, Miles Tracy
July 2008
SP 800-123. Guide to General Server Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (257.75 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this document is to assist organizations in understanding the fundamental activities performed as part of securing and maintaining the security of servers that provide services over network communications as a main function. The document ...
Keywords: Host security, server security
154
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Jeremy Faircloth
August 2011
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (8.76 MB),  PDF (31.14 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 41,   Downloads (12 Months): 136,   Downloads (Overall): 177,    Citation Count: 1

Great commercial penetration testing tools can be very expensive and sometimes hard to use or of questionable accuracy. This book helps solve both of these problems. The open source, no-cost penetration testing tools presented do a great job and can ...
155
Visualization of System Log Files for Post-incident Analysis and Response
John Haggerty, Thomas Hughes-Roberts
June 2014
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Human Aspects of Information Security, Privacy, and Trust - Volume 8533 , Volume 8533
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Post-incident analysis of a security event is a complex task due to the volume of data that must be assessed, often within tight temporal constraints. System software, such as operating systems and applications, provide a range of opportunities to record ...
Keywords: Visualization, intrusion detection, system logs, triage
156
An extensible analysable system model
Christian W. Probst, René Rydhof Hansen
November 2008
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Analysing real-world systems for vulnerabilities with respect to security and safety threats is a difficult undertaking, not least due to a lack of availability of formalisations for those systems. While both formalisations and analyses can be found ...
157
Verifying trustworthiness of virtual appliances in collaborative environments
Cornelius Namiluko, Jun Ho Huh, Andrew Martin
June 2011
TRUST'11: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Trust and trustworthy computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Often in collaborative research environments that are facilitated through virtual infrastructures, there are requirements for sharing virtual appliances and verifying their trustworthiness. Many researchers assume that virtual appliances -- shared between ...
158
IT compliance of industrial information systems: Technology management and industrial engineering perspective
Sangkyun Kim
October 2007
Journal of Systems and Software , Volume 80 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IT compliance is one of the hottest issues in IT and technology management fields. The purpose of this paper is to provide a common framework for IT compliance. First, a review on the compliance age is provided. Second, the characteristics of business ...

Keywords: Compliance, Industrial information system, Records management, Technology management
159
Modular design, application architecture, and usage of a self-service model for enterprise data delivery
Monica M. Horvath, Shelley A. Rusincovitch, Stephanie Brinson, Howard C. Shang, Steve Evans, Jeffrey M. Ferranti
December 2014
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 52 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Display Omitted DEDUCE is a self-service platform for data generated in clinical practice.The application is a framework of modules, each providing a targeted functionality.DEDUCE Cohort Manager is the keystone module for user data exploration.The DEDUCE ...
Keywords: Application development, BIBusiness Intelligence, CCOWClinical Context Object Workgroup, CMCohort Manager, CRChart Review, CTClinical Text, Cohort definition, DEDUCEDuke Enterprise Data Unified Content Explorer, DMCDuke MAESTRO Care, EDWenterprise data warehouse, EHRelectronic health record, EMExport Manager, ETLextract-transform-load, GQGuided Query, HIPAAHealth Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, HbA1cglycated hemoglobin, IRBinstitutional review board, Information systems, MAESTROMedical Application Environments Supporting Transformation of Research and Operations, Medical informatics applications, NCRRNational Center for Research Resources, NIHNational Institutes of Health, NINRNational Institute of Nursing Research, PHIprotected health information, RPDRResearch Patient Data Repository, Research query tool, SQLstructured query language, STRIDEStanford Translational Research Integrated Database Environment, System design and architecture, i2b2informatics for integrating biology and the bedside, ld
160
Searching similar segments over textual event sequences
Liang Tang, Tao Li, Shu-Ching Chen, Shunzhi Zhu
October 2013
CIKM '13: Proceedings of the 22nd ACM international conference on Conference on information & knowledge management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (904.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 130,    Citation Count: 0

Sequential data is prevalent in many scientific and commercial applications such as bioinformatics, system security and networking. Similarity search has been widely studied for symbolic and time series data in which each data object is a symbol or numeric ...
Keywords: log event, similarity search, textual sequence
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   10    next    >>
161
Enemy at the Water Cooler: True Stories of Insider Threats and Enterprise Security Management Countermeasures
Brian Contos, Dave Kleiman
December 2006
Enemy at the Water Cooler: True Stories of Insider Threats and Enterprise Security Management Countermeasures
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (3.08 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 239,    Citation Count: 1

The book covers a decade of work with some of the largest commercial and government agencies around the world in addressing cyber security related to malicious insiders (trusted employees, contractors, and partners). It explores organized crime, terrorist ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
162
Computer Immunology
Mark Burgess
December 1998
LISA '98: Proceedings of the 12th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 31
163
Data-minimizing authentication goes mobile
Patrik Bichsel, Jan Camenisch, Bart De Decker, Jorn Lapon, Vincent Naessens, Dieter Sommer
September 2012
CMS'12: Proceedings of the 13th IFIP TC 6/TC 11 international conference on Communications and Multimedia Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Authentication is a prerequisite for proper access control to many eservices. Often, it is carried out by identifying the user, while generally, verification of certified attributes would suffice. Even worse, this kind of authentication makes all the ...
Keywords: android, anonymous credential systems, mobile computing, privacy, secure element, visual communication channel
164
Decide Now or Decide Later?: Quantifying the Tradeoff between Prospective and Retrospective Access Decisions
Wen Zhang, You Chen, Thaddeus Cybulski, Daniel Fabbri, Carl Gunter, Patrick Lawlor, David Liebovitz, Bradley Malin
November 2014
CCS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.75 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 143,   Downloads (Overall): 143,    Citation Count: 0

One of the greatest challenges an organization faces is determining when an employee is permitted to utilize a certain resource in a system. This "insider threat" can be addressed through two strategies: i) prospective methods, such as access control, ...
Keywords: access control, audit, context, data mining, decision support
165
ROAC: a role-oriented access control model
Nezar Nassr, Eric Steegmans
June 2012
WISTP'12: Proceedings of the 6th IFIP WG 11.2 international conference on Information Security Theory and Practice: security, privacy and trust in computing systems and ambient intelligent ecosystems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) has become the de facto standard for realizing authorization requirements in a wide range of organizations. Existing RBAC models suffer from two main shortcomings; lack of expressiveness of roles/permissions and ambiguities ...
Keywords: RBAC, access control, authorization, role hierarchies
166
Traffic behavior analysis and modeling of sub-networks
Yen-Wen Chen
August 2002
International Journal of Network Management , Volume 12 Issue 5
Publisher: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (173.29 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 0,   Downloads (Overall): 812,    Citation Count: 3

In this paper, the characteristics of sub-network traffic is analyzed from the correlation point of view. It is easy to see that the traffic histogram of a sub-network has a 24-hour seasonal variation due to daily usage behavior. The auto correlation ...
167
Browse and discover: social file sharing in the enterprise
N. Sadat Shami, Michael Muller, David Millen
March 2011
CSCW '11: Proceedings of the ACM 2011 conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (989.94 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 479,    Citation Count: 10

There is a growth in the popularity of social file sharing systems. This paper describes the design of Cattail, a social file sharing system for the enterprise. Through a 'Recent Events' stream, Cattail supports social navigation and exploratory search ...
Keywords: enterprise use, file sharing, metadata, social navigation, social networks, tagging
168
A framework for post-event timeline reconstruction using neural networks
M. N. A. Khan, C. R. Chatwin, R. C. D. Young
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Post-event timeline reconstruction plays a critical role in forensic investigation and serves as a means of identifying evidence of the digital crime. We present an artificial neural networks based approach for post-event timeline reconstruction using ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Digital evidence, Digital forensic analysis, Digital investigation, Event reconstruction, Neural networks
169
A looking-out portal (LOP) approach to enhance qualitative aspects of bandwidth utilisation in academic networks
Zahid Ansari, Johannes Herrmann, Matin Abdullah, Waseem Ahmed
November 2011
International Journal of Networking and Virtual Organisations , Volume 9 Issue 4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Campuses of educational institutions periodically need to increase network bandwidth to keep up with increased demand and this decision is based on the quantitative aspects of the network bandwidth utilisation. The qualitative utilisation of the bandwidth ...
170
Evolution of digital forensics in virtualization by using virtual machine introspection
James Poore, Juan Carlos Flores, Travis Atkison
April 2013
ACMSE '13: Proceedings of the 51st ACM Southeast Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (540.58 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 109,   Downloads (Overall): 269,    Citation Count: 0

Computer virtualization is not a new technology, it has become increasingly important because of the many advantages it offers to businesses and individuals to reduce costs, while introducing new challenges to the field of digital forensics. As virtualization ...
Keywords: cyber security, digital forensics, live analysis, virtual machine, virtual machine introspection, virtualization
171
Feature evaluation for web crawler detection with data mining techniques
Dusan Stevanovic, Aijun An, Natalija Vlajic
August 2012
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 39 Issue 10
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) is one of the most damaging attacks on the Internet security today. Recently, malicious web crawlers have been used to execute automated DDoS attacks on web sites across the WWW. In this study we examine the effect ...
Keywords: Classification, DDoS, Data mining, WEKA, Web crawler detection, Web server access logs
172
Evaluation of artificial intelligent techniques to secure information in enterprises
Amjad Rehman, Tanzila Saba
December 2014
Artificial Intelligence Review , Volume 42 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Information security paradigm is under a constant threat in enterprises particularly. The extension of World Wide Web and rapid expansion in size and types of documents involved in enterprises has generated many challenges. Extensive research has been ...
Keywords: A.I. techniques, Information security, Network intrusion detection systems (NIDS), Performance, Threats
173
Measuring the forensic-ability of audit logs for nonrepudiation
Jason King
May 2013
ICSE '13: Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (398.64 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 116,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of software log files is used to extract user behavior profiles, detect fraud, and check compliance with policies and regulations. Software systems maintain several types of log files for different purposes. For example, a system may ...
174
Home-centric visualization of network traffic for security administration
Robert Ball, Glenn A. Fink, Chris North
October 2004
VizSEC/DMSEC '04: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Visualization and data mining for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.92 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 99,   Downloads (Overall): 1968,    Citation Count: 29

Today's system administrators, burdened by rapidly increasing network activity, must quickly perceive the security state of their networks, but they often have only text-based tools to work with. These tools often provide no overview to help users grasp ...
Keywords: information visualization, networks, security
175
Enforcement of entailment constraints in distributed service-based business processes
Waldemar Hummer, Patrick Gaubatz, Mark Strembeck, Uwe Zdun, Schahram Dustdar
November 2013
Information and Software Technology , Volume 55 Issue 11
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Context: A distributed business process is executed in a distributed computing environment. The service-oriented architecture (SOA) paradigm is a popular option for the integration of software services and execution of distributed business processes. ...
Keywords: Business process management, Entailment constraints, Identity and access management, Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), WS-BPEL
176
Bot Networks: The rise and rise of bot networks
Garry Sidaway
May 2005
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The ICSA Labs tenth annual Computer Virus Prevalance Survey, out last month, has shown that the number of virus encounters in 2004 was up by over 40 %. Beginning in January and running right through May, the creators of three different viruses all seemed ...
177
Beyond lightning: A survey on security challenges in cloud computing
Chunming Rong, Son T. Nguyen, Martin Gilje Jaatun
January 2013
Computers and Electrical Engineering , Volume 39 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Cloud computing is a model to provide convenient, on-demand access to a shared pool configurable computing resources. In cloud computing, IT-related capabilities are provided as services, accessible without requiring detailed knowledge of the underlying ...
178
BBox: a distributed secure log architecture
Rafael Accorsi
September 2010
EuroPKI'10: Proceedings of the 7th European conference on Public key infrastructures, services and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents BBox, a digital black box to provide for authentic archiving in distributed systems. Based upon public key cryptography and trusted computing platforms, the BBox employs standard primitives to ensure the authenticity of records during ...
Keywords: distributed log architecture, public key cryptography
179
Profile-Based Summarisation for Web Site Navigation
Azhar Alhindi, Udo Kruschwitz, Chris Fox, M-Dyaa Albakour
February 2015
Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) , Volume 33 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.16 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 110,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 0

Information systems that utilise contextual information have the potential of helping a user identify relevant information more quickly and more accurately than systems that work the same for all users and contexts. Contextual information comes in a ...
Keywords: Term association networks, browsing, group profiling, log analysis, multi-document summarisation (MDS), navigation, single-document summarisation (SDS)
180
ELVIS: Extensible Log VISualization
Christopher Humphries, Nicolas Prigent, Christophe Bidan, Frédéric Majorczyk
October 2013
VizSec '13: Proceedings of the Tenth Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (840.71 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 128,   Downloads (Overall): 346,    Citation Count: 3

In this article, we propose ELVIS, a security-oriented log visualization tool that allows security experts to visually explore numerous types of log files through relevant representations. When a log file is loaded into ELVIS, a summary view is displayed. ...
Keywords: forensics, intrusion detection, logs management, visualization
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  9   10   11   12   13    next    >>
181
Security Risk Management: Building an Information Security Risk Management Program from the Ground Up, 1st edition
Evan Wheeler
May 2011
Security Risk Management: Building an Information Security Risk Management Program from the Ground Up, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.99 MB),  PDF (3.30 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 85,   Downloads (Overall): 120,    Citation Count: 0

The goal of Security Risk Management is to teach you practical techniques that will be used on a daily basis, while also explaining the fundamentals so you understand the rationale behind these practices. Security professionals often fall into the trap ...
182
SP 800-53A Rev. 1. Guide for Assessing the Security Controls in Federal Information Systems and Organizations: Building Effective Security Assessment Plans
Joint Task Force Transformation Initiative
June 2010
SP 800-53A Rev. 1. Guide for Assessing the Security Controls in Federal Information Systems and Organizations: Building Effective Security Assessment Plans
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (2.85 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count: 0

Special Publication 800-53A, Revision 1 provides guidelines for developing security assessment plans and associated security control assessment procedures that are consistent with Special Publication 800-53, Revision 3, Recommended Security Controls ...
Keywords: 800-53, FISMA, assurance requirements, attributes, categorization, risk management, security assessment plans, security controls
183
Vehicular ad hoc network applications and security: a study into the economic and the legal implications
Patrice Seuwou, Dilip Patel, George Ubakanma
July 2014
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Vehicular ad hoc networks VANETs are an important component of intelligent transportation systems. In this context, vehicles are equipped with complex systems and advanced technologies such as communication systems, computing platforms with numerous ...
184
Measuring and Managing Information Risk: A FAIR Approach
Jack Freund, Jack Jones
August 2014
Measuring and Managing Information Risk: A FAIR Approach
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (9.83 MB),  PDF (8.85 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 60,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 0

Using the factor analysis of information risk (FAIR) methodology developed over ten years and adopted by corporations worldwide, Measuring and Managing Information Risk provides a proven and credible framework for understanding, measuring, and ...
185
Crowdsourcing collection of data for crisis governance in the post-2015 world: potential offers and crucial challenges
Buddhadeb Halder
October 2014
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (424.54 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 64,    Citation Count: 0

The practice of 'crowdsourcing' under the new technological regime has opened doors of huge data repositories. In recent years, crowdsourcing have expanded rapidly allowing citizens to connect with each other, governments to connect with common mass, ...
Keywords: PET, big data, crisis governance, data, online data protection, policy, privacy, public governance
186
Scientific Papers
Staff
December 2003
Technology and Health Care , Volume 11 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
187
Data reduction by identification and correlation of TCP/IP attack attributes for network forensics
E. S. Pilli, R. C. Joshi, R. Niyogi
February 2011
ICWET '11: Proceedings of the International Conference & Workshop on Emerging Trends in Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (188.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 406,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics is an alternate approach to security, which monitors network traffic, stores the traces, detects anomalies, identifies the nature of attack, and investigates the source of attack. The challenge is to store, handle and analyze large ...
Keywords: ICMP, IP, TCP, UDP, network forensics, traffic analysis
188
Analyzing errors and referral pairs to characterize common problems and improve web reliability
Li Ma, Jeff Tian
July 2003
ICWE'03: Proceedings of the 2003 international conference on Web engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we analyze web server error logs and the corresponding referral pairs from web access logs to identify and characterize common web errors. We identify missing files as the primary type of web errors and classify them according to their ...

Keywords: defect analysis and classification, quality and reliability, referral pairs, web problems, web server logs (error and access logs)
189
Human factors considerations for privacy properties in home healthcare systems
Kyeong-Ah Jeong, Robert W. Proctor
April 2011
SREIS '11: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Information Security Symposium
Publisher: CERIAS - Purdue University
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy properties for remote/home-based healthcare systems have been proposed, but human factors issues involved in implementing those properties have received little consideration. We reviewed proposed privacy properties and identified human factors ...
190
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Matthew Metheny
December 2012
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (48.28 MB),  PDF (18.42 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 153,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 0

Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers offers an in-depth look at topics surrounding federal cloud computing within the federal government, including the Federal Cloud Computing Strategy, Cloud Computing Standards, ...
191
Dissecting the Hack: The F0rb1dd3n Network, Revised Edition
Jayson E. Street, Kent Nabors, Brian Baskin
July 2010
Dissecting the Hack: The F0rb1dd3n Network, Revised Edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.86 MB),  PDF (6.49 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 28,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 224,    Citation Count: 0

Dissecting the Hack is one heck of a ride! Hackers, IT professional, and Infosec aficionados (as well as everyday people interested in security) will find a gripping story that takes the reader on a global trip through the world of computer security ...
192
A calculus for the qualitative risk assessment of policy override authorization
Steffen Bartsch
September 2010
SIN '10: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Security of information and networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (540.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 165,    Citation Count:

Policy override is gaining traction in the research community to improve the efficiency and usability of authorization mechanisms. These mechanisms turn the conventional privileges into a soft boundary that may be overridden by users in exceptional situations. ...
Keywords: authorization policy, policy override, risk assessment
193
Traducement: A model for record security
Tom Walcott, Matt Bishop
November 2004
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (311.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 862,    Citation Count: 1

Security models generally incorporate elements of both confidentiality and integrity. We examine a case where confidentiality is irrelevant to the process being modeled. In this case, integrity includes not only the authentication of origin and the lack ...

Keywords: Integrity, recordation, security policy, traducement
194
A central and secured logging data solution for Xen virtual machine
Nguyen Anh Quynh, Yoshiyasu Takefuji
February 2006
PDCN'06: Proceedings of the 24th IASTED international conference on Parallel and distributed computing and networks
Publisher: ACTA Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Logging data is a valuable and an important information to reveal the attacker's activities and to recover broken system. Unfortunately, once the attacker successfully penetrates a protected system, he never fails to either modify the logging data, or ...

Keywords: Linux, Xen virtual machine, central logging, secured logging
195
An analysis of private browsing modes in modern browsers
Gaurav Aggarwal, Elie Bursztein, Collin Jackson, Dan Boneh
August 2010
USENIX Security'10: Proceedings of the 19th USENIX conference on Security
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 26

We study the security and privacy of private browsing modes recently added to all major browsers. We first propose a clean definition of the goals of private browsing and survey its implementation in different browsers. We conduct a measurement study ...
196
Practical forward secure sequential aggregate signatures
Di Ma
March 2008
ASIACCS '08: Proceedings of the 2008 ACM symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (322.41 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 426,    Citation Count: 8

A forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) signature scheme allows a signer to iteratively combine signatures generated in different time intervals - and with different keys - into a single constant-size signature. Such a signature offers ...
Keywords: MAC, forward secure sequential aggregate authentication, quality of forward security, signature
197
A practical and light-weight data capture tool for Xen virtual machine
Nguyen Anh Quynh, Yoshiyasu Takefuji
April 2006
ACOS'06: Proceedings of the 5th WSEAS international conference on Applied computer science
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Honeypot is a common solution to investigate attacker's activities, but the data capture tool, one of the key components of high-interaction honeypot architecture, faces a major difficulty: it is very hard to hide its presence. For example Sebek, the ...
Keywords: Linux, TTY logging, Xen virtual machine, computer administration., data capture tool, honeypot, keylogger, stealth communication
198
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Jack Wiles
October 2007
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (9.51 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 229,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides IT security professionals with the information (hardware, software, and procedural requirements) needed to create, manage and sustain a digital forensics lab and investigative team that can accurately and effectively analyze forensic ...
Keywords: Security
199
Determining the causes of AccuVote optical scan voting terminal memory card failures
Tigran Antonyan, Nicolas Nicolaou, Alexander A. Shvartsman, Therese Smith
August 2010
EVT/WOTE'10: Proceedings of the 2010 international conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Optical scan (OS) voting systems play an increasing role in the United States elections, with over 40 states deploying such systems. The AccuVote optical scanners (AVOS) manufactured by ES&S account for over 20% of all OS systems. OS systems typically ...
200
What are people searching on government web sites?
Michael Chau, Xiao Fang, Olivia R. Liu Sheng
April 2007
Communications of the ACM , Volume 50 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (27.88 KB),  PDF (158.44 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1120,    Citation Count: 2

A study of search activity on the Utah.gov Web site.
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  10   11   12   13   14    next    >>
201
The Basics of Hacking and Penetration Testing: Ethical Hacking and Penetration Testing Made Easy, 2nd edition
Patrick Engebretson
August 2013
The Basics of Hacking and Penetration Testing: Ethical Hacking and Penetration Testing Made Easy, 2nd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.64 MB),  PDF (4.74 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 67,   Downloads (12 Months): 348,   Downloads (Overall): 348,    Citation Count: 0

The Basics of Hacking and Penetration Testing serves as an introduction to the steps required to complete a penetration test or perform an ethical hack. You learn how to properly utilize and interpret the results of modern day hacking tools; which are ...
202
Predicting student exam's scores by analyzing social network data
Michael Fire, Gilad Katz, Yuval Elovici, Bracha Shapira, Lior Rokach
December 2012
AMT'12: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on Active Media Technology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In this paper, we propose a novel method for the prediction of a person's success in an academic course. By extracting log data from the course's website and applying network analysis methods, we were able to model and visualize the social interactions ...
Keywords: data mining, machine learning, multi graph, score prediction, social network analysis, web log analysis
203
A novel implementation of signature, encryption and authentication (SEA) protocol on mobile patient monitoring devices
Khamish Malhotra, Stephen Gardner, Will Mepham
September 2008
Technology and Health Care , Volume 16 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Mobile patient monitoring devices are becoming an integral part of healthcare industry and these devices will eventually become the method of choice for accessing and implementing health checks for patients located in remote areas. The thrust behind ...

Keywords: Secure remote patient monitoring system, cryptographic techniques, elliptic curve cryptography, mobile application security, security and integrity of healthcare data
204
In-execution dynamic malware analysis and detection by mining information in process control blocks of Linux OS
Farrukh Shahzad, M. Shahzad, Muddassar Farooq
May 2013
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 231
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Run-time behavior of processes - running on an end-host - is being actively used to dynamically detect malware. Most of these detection schemes build model of run-time behavior of a process on the basis of its data flow and/or sequence of system calls. ...
Keywords: Intrusion detection system, Kernel task structure, Malicious process detection, Malware forensic, Operating system security
205
SALSA: analyzing logs as state machines
Jiaqi Tan, Xinghao Pan, Soila Kavulya, Rajeev Gandhi, Priya Narasimhan
December 2008
WASL'08: Proceedings of the First USENIX conference on Analysis of system logs
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 21

SALSA examines system logs to derive state-machine views of the sytem's execution, along with controlflow, data-flow models and related statistics. Exploiting SALSA's derived views and statistics, we can effectively construct higher-level useful analyses. ...
206
Slogger: A profiling and analysis system based on Semantic Web technologies
Mark Baker, Richard Boakes
April 2008
Scientific Programming , Volume 16 Issue 2-3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Increasingly, distributed systems are being used to host all manner of applications. While these platforms provide a relatively cheap and effective means of executing applications, so far there has been little work in developing tools and utilities that ...

Keywords: Post-mortem profiling, Semantic Web, distributed systems and applications, log analysis
207
A methodology and supporting techniques for the quantitative assessment of insider threats
Nicola Nostro, Andrea Ceccarelli, Andrea Bondavalli, Francesco Brancati
September 2013
DISCCO '13: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Dependability Issues in Cloud Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (316.67 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 86,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 1

Security is a major challenge for today's companies, especially ICT ones which manages large scale cyber-critical systems. Amongst the multitude of attacks and threats to which a system is potentially exposed, there are insiders attackers i.e., users ...
Keywords: attack path, insider threats, risk assessment, security
208
Anatomy of an advanced persistent threat
Mike Auty
April 2015
Network Security , Volume 2015 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Often when a business is the subject of a hacking attack, emotions run high. The knee jerk reaction is one that comes from an emotional place - 'how could someone do this to me?' or 'who is responsible?'. And ultimately, the organisation wants the infiltrator ...
209
A Model of Privacy and Security for Electronic Health Records
Pulkit Mehndiratta, Shelly Sachdeva, Sudhanshu Kulshrestha
March 2014
DNIS 2014: Proceedings of the 9th International Workshop on Databases in Networked Information Systems - Volume 8381 , Volume 8381
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information and communication technology has created excellent development in over the past few years in the field of medicine and healthcare. Healthcare is constantly undergoing changes, with new medical technologies, business models and research findings. ...
Keywords: Developing Country, Electronic Health Record, India, Security and Privacy
210
Specifying digital forensics: A forensics policy approach
Carol Taylor, Barbara Endicott-Popovsky, Deborah A. Frincke
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

In this paper we present an approach to digital forensics specification based on forensic policy definition. Our methodology borrows from computer security policy specification, which has accumulated a significant body of research over the past 30 years. ...
Keywords: Computer security, Digital forensics, Forensic properties, Policy, System specification
211
Strategic Intelligence Management: National Security Imperatives and Information and Communications Technologies, 1st edition
Babak Akhgar, Simeon Yates
March 2013
Strategic Intelligence Management: National Security Imperatives and Information and Communications Technologies, 1st edition
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.55 MB),  PDF (11.92 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 97,   Downloads (Overall): 137,    Citation Count: 0

Strategic Intelligence Management introduces both academic researchers and law enforcement professionals to contemporary issues of national security and information management and analysis. This contributed volume draws on state-of-the-art expertise ...
212
IT Manager's Handbook, Third Edition: Getting your new job done, 3rd edition
Bill Holtsnider, Brian D. Jaffe
March 2012
IT Manager's Handbook, Third Edition: Getting your new job done, 3rd edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.65 MB),  PDF (3.23 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 36,   Downloads (12 Months): 255,   Downloads (Overall): 401,    Citation Count: 0

Making the move from an IT technician or team member to management is one of the most difficult career steps you'll face. Help from management and targeted training can be hard to come by - and your success depends on your ability to adapt to your new ...
213
Trustworthy vacuuming and litigation holds in long-term high-integrity records retention
Ragib Hasan, Marianne Winslett
March 2010
EDBT '10: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (818.65 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count:

Relational databases are periodically vacuumed to remove tuples that have expired. During the discovery phase of litigation, plaintiffs ask defendants for access to information related to their case. The requested information is then subject to a litigation ...
214
Design and evaluation of a learning environment to effectively provide network security skills
Ivan Marsa-Maestre, Enrique De La Hoz, Jose Manuel Gimenez-Guzman, Miguel A. Lopez-Carmona
November 2013
Computers & Education , Volume 69
Publisher: Elsevier Science Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information system security and network security are topics of increasing importance in the information society. They are also topics where the adequate education of professionals requires the use of specific laboratory environments where the practical ...
Keywords: Architectures for educational technology systems, Distributed learning environments, Interactive learning environments, Simulations, Teaching/learning strategies
215
Tools and technology for computer forensics: research and development in Hong Kong
Lucas C. K. Hui, K. P. Chow, S. M. Yiu
May 2007
ISPEC'07: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Information security practice and experience
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the increased use of Internet and information technology all over the world, there is an increased amount of criminal activities that involve computing and digital data. These digital crimes (e-crimes) impose new challenges on prevention, detection, ...

Keywords: computer forensics, digital crimes, forensics technology
216
A formal model for virtual machine introspection
Jonas Pfoh, Christian Schneider, Claudia Eckert
November 2009
VMSec '09: Proceedings of the 1st ACM workshop on Virtual machine security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (391.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 754,    Citation Count: 8

Virtual machine introspection (VMI) describes the method of monitoring and analyzing the state of a virtual machine from the hypervisor level. In this paper, we present a formal discussion of the development of VMI-based security applications. We begin ...

Keywords: formalization, introspection, intrusion detection, security, virtualization
217
A multi-agent system based on specific-profile for efficient distributed computing
Youn-Gyou Kook, Woon-Yong Kim, Young-Keun Choi
March 2005
ICAI'05/MCBC'05/AMTA'05/MCBE'05: Proceedings of the 6th WSEAS international conference on Automation & information, and 6th WSEAS international conference on mathematics and computers in biology and chemistry, and 6th WSEAS international conference on acoustics and music: theory and applications, and 6th WSEAS international conference on Mathematics and computers in business and economics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose the multi agent system based on profiling specifics for the distributed system, SPMaS. The job scheduling and the path finding on the distributed computing are important factors for the reliable system and running time reduction. The factors ...
Keywords: distributed computing, mobile agent, multi agent system, specific profile
218
The case of the fake Picasso: preventing history forgery with secure provenance
Ragib Hasan, Radu Sion, Marianne Winslett
February 2009
FAST '09: Proccedings of the 7th conference on File and storage technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 33

As increasing amounts of valuable information are produced and persist digitally, the ability to determine the origin of data becomes important. In science, medicine, commerce, and government, data provenance tracking is essential for rights protection, ...
219
An Integrated Model for Patient Care and Clinical Trials (IMPACT) to support clinical research visit scheduling workflow for future learning health systems
Chunhua Weng, Yu Li, Solomon Berhe, Mary Regina Boland, Junfeng Gao, Gregory W. Hruby, Richard C. Steinman, Carlos Lopez-Jimenez, Linda Busacca, George Hripcsak, Suzanne Bakken, J. Thomas Bigger
August 2013
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 46 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a clinical research visit scheduling system that can potentially coordinate clinical research visits with patient care visits and increase efficiency at clinical sites where clinical and research activities occur simultaneously. Participatory ...
Keywords: Clinical research informatics, Health resources, Learning health systems, Personnel staffing and scheduling, Software, Workflow
220
A framework for preservation of cloud users' data privacy using dynamic reconstruction of metadata
Adeela Waqar, Asad Raza, Haider Abbas, Muhammad Khurram Khan
January 2013
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the rising paradigm of cloud computing, attainment of sustainable levels of cloud users' trust in using cloud services is directly dependent on effective mitigation of its associated impending risks and resultant security threats. Among the various ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Metadata, Privacy, Private cloud, Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud Eucalyptus
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  11   12   13   14   15    next    >>
221
Mambo exploit blocked by seLinux
Richard Bullington-McGuire
July 2007
Linux Journal , Volume 2007 Issue 159
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: Html (28.23 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 123,    Citation Count:

SELinux catches exploits.
222
FriendlyRoboCopy: A GUI to RoboCopy for computer forensic investigators
Claire Lavelle, Almudena Konrad
March 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of the most pressing challenges in digital investigations today is the extraction and forensic preservation of a subset of data on computer clusters and other large storage systems. As the number and capacity of computer systems increases, it is ...
Keywords: Computer cluster, Digital forensics, Drive mapping, Graphical User Interface, Microsoft OS forensics, NAS, Network forensics, Network system administration, Open Source application, Perl, RoboCopy application
223
Mining Criminal Networks from Chat Log
Farkhund Iqbal, Benjamin C. M. Fung, Mourad Debbabi
December 2012
WI-IAT '12: Proceedings of the The 2012 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Joint Conferences on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology - Volume 01 , Volume 01
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (278.62 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 100,    Citation Count: 0

Cyber criminals exploit opportunities for anonymity and masquerade in web-based communication to conduct illegal activities such as phishing, spamming, cyber predation, cyber threatening, blackmail, and drug trafficking. One way to fight cyber crime ...
Keywords: crime investigation, criminal networks, data mining, frequent patterns, topic mining
224
ENAVis: enterprise network activities visualization
Qi Liao, Andrew Blaich, Aaron Striegel, Douglas Thain
November 2008
LISA'08: Proceedings of the 22nd conference on Large installation system administration conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

With the prevalence of multi-user environments, it has become an increasingly challenging task to precisely identify who is doing what on an enterprise network. Current management systems that rely on inferring user identity and application usage via ...
225
Indexing million of packets per second using GPUs
Francesco Fusco, Michail Vlachos, Xenofontas Dimitropoulos, Luca Deri
October 2013
IMC '13: Proceedings of the 2013 conference on Internet measurement conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (658.16 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 82,    Citation Count: 1

Network traffic recorders are devices that record massive volumes of network traffic for security applications, like retrospective forensic investigations. When deployed over very high-speed networks, traffic recorders must process and store millions ...
Keywords: GPU, indexing, packet traces
226
Improving the efficiency of information collection and analysis in widely-used IT applications
Sergey Blagodurov, Martin Arlitt
March 2011
ICPE '11: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance engineering
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (1.30 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 1

Modern IT environments collect and analyze increasingly large volumes of data for a growing number of purposes (e.g., automated management, security, regulatory compliance, etc.). Simultaneously, such environments are challenged by the need to minimize ...
227
Attack Trends: The changing face of IT security
Bruce Potter
November 2006
Network Security , Volume 2006 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Faced with multiple changes in the IT landscape, it is sometimes hard to keep track of where the technology trends are going. Some varieties of attacks occurring today leave traditional security measures standing.
228
Temporal Mode-Checking for Runtime Monitoring of Privacy Policies
Omar Chowdhury, Limin Jia, Deepak Garg, Anupam Datta
July 2014
Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Computer Aided Verification - Volume 8559 , Volume 8559
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Fragments of first-order temporal logic are useful for representing many practical privacy and security policies. Past work has proposed two strategies for checking event trace (audit log) compliance with policies: online monitoring and offline audit. ...
Keywords: Mode checking, metric first-order temporal logic, privacy policy, runtime monitoring
229
Benefits and Challenges for BPM in the Cloud
Ute Riemann
January 2015
International Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Business processes are not only variable, they are dynamic as well. A key benefit of BPM is the ability to adjust processes accordingly in response to changing market requirements. In parallel to BPM, enterprise cloud computing technology has emerged ...
230
Complex event processing for reactive security monitoring in virtualized computer systems
Lars Baumgärtner, Christian Strack, Bastian Hoßbach, Marc Seidemann, Bernhard Seeger, Bernd Freisleben
June 2015
DEBS '15: Proceedings of the 9th ACM International Conference on Distributed Event-Based Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (3.34 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 138,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 138,    Citation Count: 0

The number of security incidents in computer systems is steadily increasing, despite intrusion detection and prevention mechanisms deployed as countermeasures. Many existing intrusion detection and prevention systems struggle to keep up with new threats ...
Keywords: complex event processing, monitoring, security
231
E-EPR: a workflow-based electronic emergency patient record
M. Poulymenopoulou, F. Malamateniou, G. Vassilacopoulos
January 2014
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: PDF (614.13 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 1

Emergency care is, politically and socially, one of the highest priorities in society today. Increasing patient expectations and the advancement of scientific and medical knowledge has had a dramatic effect on the provision of emergency care. Emergency ...
Keywords: Health and social care, Holistic care workflow, IHE, SOA
232
Visualization and management of digital forensics data
Guillermo Francia, Monica Trifas, Dorothy Brown, Rahjima Francia, Chrissy Scott
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (87.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 1138,    Citation Count: 0

The collection, analysis, and preservation of digital forensic data are complementary activities that are ushered by our growing dependence on Information Technology. The training of professionals, who can effectively carry out these activities, suddenly ...
Keywords: computer forensics, computer security, data mining, human perception, visualization
233
UMS-dev-sec: a proposed framework to address security concerns of UMS devices
Kegomoditswe Molotsi, Bobby L. Tait
October 2013
SAICSIT '13: Proceedings of the South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.09 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 38,    Citation Count: 0

USB Mass Storage (UMS) devices are affordable, convenient, practical, and have the ability to interface easily with a number of operating systems, and various hardware systems. UMS devices are found among virtually any person in the workplace today. ...
Keywords: UMS, USB, information loss, information security, information theft, malware, security awareness, security framework
234
Visual toolkit for network security experiment specification and data analysis
L. Li, P. Liu, G. Kesidis
November 2006
VizSEC '06: Proceedings of the 3rd international workshop on Visualization for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (433.52 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 678,    Citation Count: 2

The increasing availability of network testbeds and the benefits of visualization-based security study call for the emergence of supporting tools for network security research. In this article we present ESVT, an integrated experiment specification and ...
Keywords: animated topology, experiment specification, testbed, visual toolkit
235
Efficient, compromise resilient and compact cryptographic constructions for digital forensics
Attila Altay Yavuz / Peng Ning
January 2011
Efficient, compromise resilient and compact cryptographic constructions for digital forensics
Publisher: North Carolina State University
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Audit logs are a fundamental digital forensic mechanism for providing security in computer systems; they are used to keep track of important events regarding the system activities. In current large distributed systems, protecting audit logs ...
236
Releasing search queries and clicks privately
Aleksandra Korolova, Krishnaram Kenthapadi, Nina Mishra, Alexandros Ntoulas
April 2009
WWW '09: Proceedings of the 18th international conference on World wide web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (928.84 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 552,    Citation Count: 49

The question of how to publish an anonymized search log was brought to the forefront by a well-intentioned, but privacy-unaware AOL search log release. Since then a series of ad-hoc techniques have been proposed in the literature, though none are known ...

Keywords: data release, differential privacy, query click graph, search logs
237
Toward scalable internet traffic measurement and analysis with Hadoop
Yeonhee Lee, Youngseok Lee
January 2013
SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review , Volume 43 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (864.91 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 39,   Downloads (12 Months): 333,   Downloads (Overall): 832,    Citation Count: 5

Internet traffic measurement and analysis has long been used to characterize network usage and user behaviors, but faces the problem of scalability under the explosive growth of Internet traffic and high-speed access. Scalable Internet traffic measurement ...
Keywords: analysis, hadoop, hive, mapreduce, netflow, packet, pcap, traffic measurement
238
Improving network intrusion detection system performance through quality of service configuration and parallel technology
Waleed Bul'ajoul, Anne James, Mandeep Pannu
September 2015
Journal of Computer and System Sciences , Volume 81 Issue 6
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper outlines an innovative software development that utilises Quality of Service (QoS) and parallel technologies in Cisco Catalyst Switches to increase the analytical performance of a Network Intrusion Detection and Protection System (NIDPS) when ...
Keywords: Intrusion detection system, Intrusion protection system, Network security, Parallel processing, Quality of Service, Switch configuration
239
Theme issue on social interaction and mundane technologies
Paul Dourish, Connor Graham, Dave Randall, Mark Rouncefield
April 2010
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: PDF (194.15 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 457,    Citation Count: 1
240
BenchLab: an open testbed for realistic benchmarking of web applications
Emmanuel Cecchet, Veena Udayabhanu, Timothy Wood, Prashant Shenoy
June 2011
WebApps'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Web application development
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Web applications have evolved from serving static content to dynamically generating Web pages. Web 2.0 applications include JavaScript and AJAX technologies that manage increasingly complex interactions between the client and the Web server. Traditional ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  12   13   14   15   16    next    >>
241
Network Forensics
Ben Laurie
June 2004
Queue , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (21.39 KB),  PDF (495.59 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 227,   Downloads (12 Months): 12410,   Downloads (Overall): 18795,    Citation Count: 1

The dictionary defines forensics as "the use of science and technology to investigate and establish facts in criminal or civil courts of law." I am more interested, however, in the usage common in the computer world: using evidence remaining after an ...
242
SherLog: error diagnosis by connecting clues from run-time logs
Ding Yuan, Haohui Mai, Weiwei Xiong, Lin Tan, Yuanyuan Zhou, Shankar Pasupathy
March 2010
ASPLOS XV: Proceedings of the fifteenth edition of ASPLOS on Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (576.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 640,    Citation Count: 47

Computer systems often fail due to many factors such as software bugs or administrator errors. Diagnosing such production run failures is an important but challenging task since it is difficult to reproduce them in house due to various reasons: (1) unavailability ...
Keywords: failure diagnostics, log, static analysis

Also published in:
March 2010 SIGARCH Computer Architecture News Volume 38 Issue 1
March 2010 SIGPLAN Notices Volume 45 Issue 3
243
Hardware-Assisted Intrusion Detection by Preserving Reference Information Integrity
Junghee Lee, Chrysostomos Nicopoulos, Gi Hwan Oh, Sang-Won Lee, Jongman Kim
December 2013
ICA3PP 2013: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Algorithms and Architectures for Parallel Processing - Volume 8285 , Volume 8285
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Malware detectors and integrity checkers detect malicious activities by comparing against reference data. To ensure their trustworthy operation, it is crucial to protect the reference data from unauthorized modification. This paper proposes the Soteria ...
Keywords: hardware, log, protection, security
244
An efficient forensic evidence collection scheme of host infringement at the occurrence time
Yoon-Ho Choi, Jong-Ho Park, Sang-Kon Kim, Seung-Woo Seo, Yu Kang, Jin-Gi Choe, Ho-Kun Moon, Myung-Soo Rhee
November 2006
ICISC'06: Proceedings of the 9th international conference on Information Security and Cryptology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Computer Forensics is a research area that finds the malicious users by collecting and analyzing the intrusion or infringement evidence of computer crimes such as hacking. Many researches about Computer Forensics have been done so far. But those ...
245
Privacy and consent in pervasive networks
Nazir A. Malik, Allan Tomlinson
August 2009
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Pervasive networks and location based systems have the potential to provide many new services. However the user of these services often has to provide personal information to allow the service to operate effectively. This article considers the problem ...
246
Detection and surveillance technologies: privacy-related requirements and protection schemes
Vasilios Zorkadis
May 2007
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Detection, identification, authentication and surveillance technologies are increasingly deployed and at the same time further researched, aiming at countering terrorism and crime, protecting people and goods, and managing working procedures and activities. ...

Keywords: access control, authentication, cryptography, data mining, data protection, detection technologies, electronic security, human liberties, human rights, information hiding, oversight protection authorities, personal data, privacy protection, privacy-preserving technologies, surveillance society
247
A service platform for logging and analyzing mobile user behaviors
Po-Ming Chen, Cheng-Ho Chen, Wen-Hung Liao, Tsai-Yen Li
September 2011
Edutainment'11: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on E-learning and games, edutainment technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Quantitative analysis of user behavior calls for automated collection of large amount of log data over time. In this paper, we present a service platform for logging and analyzing mobile user behaviors. We have implemented a log collection service which ...
Keywords: mobile devices, mobile user behavior, user log analysis
248
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2006
SIGMOD '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (244.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 1183,    Citation Count: 5

Mechanisms now exist that detect tampering of a database, through the use of cryptographically-strong hash functions. This paper addresses the next problem, that of determining who, when, and what, by providing a systematic means of performing forensic ...
Keywords: append-only, corruption diagram, cryptographic hash function, forensic strength
249
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Karen Kent, Suzanne Chevalier, Timothy Grance, Hung Dang
August 2006
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (2.82 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count: 5

This publication is intended to help organizations in investigating computer security incidents and troubleshooting some information technology (IT) operational problems by providing practical guidance on performing computer and network forensics. The ...
Keywords: FISMA, Forensics, Incident Response
250
Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond: Architecting, Designing, Planning, and Deploying Windows Server 2012 Security Solutions, 1st edition
Thomas W. Shinder, Yuri Diogenes, Debra Littlejohn Shinder
April 2013
Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond: Architecting, Designing, Planning, and Deploying Windows Server 2012 Security Solutions, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (10.47 MB),  PDF (53.70 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 70,   Downloads (Overall): 92,    Citation Count: 0

Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond shows you how to architect, design, plan, and deploy Microsoft security technologies for Windows 8/Server 2012 in the enterprise. The book covers security technologies that apply to both ...
251
Semantic search log k-anonymization with generalized k-cores of query concept graph
Claudio Carpineto, Giovanni Romano
March 2013
ECIR'13: Proceedings of the 35th European conference on Advances in Information Retrieval
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Search log k-anonymization is based on the elimination of infrequent queries under exact (or nearly exact) matching conditions, which usually results in a big data loss and impaired utility. We present a more flexible, semantic approach to k-anonymity ...
252
Distributed component architectures security issues
Giorgos Gousios, Efthimia Aivaloglou, Stefanos Gritzalis
March 2005
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 27 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Enterprise information systems and e-commerce applications are tightly integrated in today's modern enterprises. Component architectures are the base for building such multitier distributed applications. This paper examines the security threats those ...

Keywords: .NET, CORBA, Component architectures security, Components, J2EE
253
Trust but verify: accountability for network services
Aydan R. Yumerefendi, Jeffrey S. Chase
September 2004
EW 11: Proceedings of the 11th workshop on ACM SIGOPS European workshop
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (132.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 271,    Citation Count: 14

This paper promotes accountability as a central design goal for dependable networked systems. We define three properties for accountable systems that extend beyond the basic security properties of authentication, privacy, and integrity. These ...
254
Structure design and test of enterprise security management system with advanced internal security
Seoksoo Kim, Soongohn Kim, Geuk Lee
March 2009
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 25 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

A security system for a company network is progressing as a ESM (Enterprise Security Management) in an existing security solution foundation. The establishment of the security policy is occupying a very important area in ESM of the security system. We ...

Keywords: EMS, Firewall, IDS, Internal, Management, Security
255
The UCONABC usage control model
Jaehong Park, Ravi Sandhu
February 2004
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (518.61 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 3364,    Citation Count: 163

In this paper, we introduce the family of UCONABC models for usage control (UCON), which integrate Authorizations (A), oBligations (B), and Conditions (C). We call these core models because they address the essence of UCON, leaving ...

Keywords: access control, digital rights management, privacy, trust, usage control
256
A framework for establishing trust in Cloud provenance
Imad M. Abbadi
April 2013
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 12 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Provenance is a vital requirement for the success of Clouds, and it is associated with many challenges that are difficult to deal with. In this paper, we explore this area, we identify the problems in current Cloud provenance, we identify the challenges ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Provenance framework, Trust management
257
Sarbanes-Oxley IT Compliance Using Open Source Tools, 2 edition
Christian B. Lahti, Roderick Peterson
December 2007
Sarbanes-Oxley IT Compliance Using Open Source Tools, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (9.16 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 245,    Citation Count: 0

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (officially titled the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002), signed into law on 30 July 2002 by President Bush, is considered the most significant change to federal securities laws in the United ...
Keywords: Business Software, Computer Science, Computers, Utilities
258
Feature: IT Security - State of the Nation
Piers Wilson
December 2002
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 12
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Rather than tackle one particular topic in detail, this article will consider where IT security has got to across several fronts - in some areas considerable progress has been made, systems are ''more'' secure now than a few years ago. In other areas ...
259
Network forensic frameworks: Survey and research challenges
Emmanuel S. Pilli, R. C. Joshi, Rajdeep Niyogi
October 2010
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 7 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Network forensics is the science that deals with capture, recording, and analysis of network traffic for detecting intrusions and investigating them. This paper makes an exhaustive survey of various network forensic frameworks proposed till date. A generic ...
Keywords: Attribution, Data fusion, Distributed systems, Honeypots, Incident response, NFATs, Network forensics, Soft computing, Traceback
260
Improving the Security of Storage Systems: Bahrain Case Study
Wasan Shaker Awad, Hanin Mohammed Abdullah
July 2014
International Journal of Mobile Computing and Multimedia Communications , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Developing security systems to protect the storage systems are needed. The main objective of this paper is to study the security of file storage server of an organization. Different kinds of security threats and a number of security techniques used to ...
Keywords: Attacks, Cyber Security, Risk Assessment, Risk Matrix, Storage Systems, Threats
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  13   14   15   16   17    next    >>
261
SP 800-41 Rev. 1. Guidelines on Firewalls and Firewall Policy
Karen A. Scarfone, Paul Hoffman
September 2009
SP 800-41 Rev. 1. Guidelines on Firewalls and Firewall Policy
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (333.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 20,    Citation Count: 1

Firewalls are devices or programs that control the flow of network traffic between networks or hosts employing differing security postures. This publication provides an overview of several types of firewall technologies and discusses their security capabilities ...
Keywords: Firewall policy, firewalls, host-based firewalls, network firewalls, network security, packet filtering, perimeter security, personal firewalls, proxies
262
Surfing the net for software engineering notes
Mark Doernhoefer
November 2006
SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes , Volume 31 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (786.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 4,   Downloads (Overall): 231,    Citation Count:

I talk about software security on a regular basis in this column. Past articles have featured web sites addressing security design tips and techniques, security reporting sites, and other security resources available on the Internet. I'd like to stop ...
263
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Tariq Azad
June 2008
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (11.25 MB),  PDF (25.46 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count: 0

Citrix Presentation Server allows remote users to work off a network server as if they weren't remote. That means: Incredibly fast access to data and applications for users, no third party VPN connection, and no latency issues. All of these features ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
264
An aspect-oriented implementation of e-consent to foster trust
Keshnee Padayachee, J. H. P. Eloff
October 2006
SAICSIT '06: Proceedings of the 2006 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: PDF (78.08 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 0

As society becomes increasingly dependent on software, there is an increasing expectation of information systems to protect the individual's right to privacy. The process of attaining electronic consent (e-Consent) may perhaps improve the trust that ...
Keywords: access control, aspect-oriented programming
265
Secure network provenance
Wenchao Zhou, Qiong Fei, Arjun Narayan, Andreas Haeberlen, Boon Thau Loo, Micah Sherr
October 2011
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.13 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 324,    Citation Count: 8

This paper introduces secure network provenance (SNP), a novel technique that enables networked systems to explain to their operators why they are in a certain state -- e.g., why a suspicious routing table entry is present on a certain ...
Keywords: Byzantine faults, accountability, distributed systems, evidence, provenance, security
266
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Jack Wiles, Anthony Reyes
November 2007
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (19.35 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 104,   Downloads (Overall): 499,    Citation Count: 1

Electronic discovery refers to a process in which electronic data is sought, located, secured, and searched with the intent of using it as evidence in a legal case. Computer forensics is the application of computer investigation and analysis techniques ...
Keywords: Security
267
Continuous Tamper-Proof Logging Using TPM 2.0
Arunesh Sinha, Limin Jia, Paul England, Jacob R. Lorch
June 2014
Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Trust and Trustworthy Computing - Volume 8564 , Volume 8564
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Auditing system logs is an important means of ensuring systems' security in situations where run-time security mechanisms are not sufficient to completely prevent potentially malicious activities. A fundamental requirement for reliable auditing is the ...
268
A temporal logic-based model for forensic investigation in networked system security
Slim Rekhis, Noureddine Boudriga
September 2005
MMM-ACNS'05: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Mathematical Methods, Models, and Architectures for Computer Network Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Research in computer and network forensic investigation has recently addressed the development of procedural guidelines, technical documents, and semi-automation tools. It has however omitted the need of formal proof. This work provides a novel approach ...
269
File Marshal: Automatic extraction of peer-to-peer data
Frank Adelstein, Robert A. Joyce
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Digital forensic investigators often find peer-to-peer, or file sharing, software present on the computers, or the images of the disks, that they examine. Investigators must first determine what P2P software is present and where the associated information ...
Keywords: File sharing, Forensics, LimeWire, P2P, Peer-to-peer
270
A Survey of Provably Secure Searchable Encryption
Christoph Bösch, Pieter Hartel, Willem Jonker, Andreas Peter
January 2015
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.07 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 86,   Downloads (12 Months): 1102,   Downloads (Overall): 1102,    Citation Count: 0

We survey the notion of provably secure searchable encryption (SE) by giving a complete and comprehensive overview of the two main SE techniques: searchable symmetric encryption (SSE) and public key encryption with keyword search (PEKS). Since the pioneering ...
Keywords: Secure data management, keyword search on encrypted data, privacy, provably secure, searchable encryption
271
Location privacy based on trusted computing and secure logging
Urs Hengartner
September 2008
SecureComm '08: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Security and privacy in communication netowrks
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (217.91 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 132,    Citation Count: 3

Many operators of cellphone networks now offer location-based services to their customers, whereby an operator often outsources service provisioning to a third-party provider. Since a person's location could reveal sensitive information about the person, ...

Keywords: location-based services, timing attacks, trusted platform module
272
Web Application Vulnerabilities: Detect, Exploit, Prevent
Steven Palmer
December 2007
Web Application Vulnerabilities: Detect, Exploit, Prevent
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (24.11 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 112,   Downloads (Overall): 869,    Citation Count: 1

This book is about Web Application Hacking. The world-renowned authors teach the reader to use publicly available tools to conduct thorough assessments of web application. This assessment process provides the reader with an understanding of Web application ...
Keywords: CGI, JavaScript, Perl, VBScript, Security
273
The SCADA Threat Landscape
Michael Robinson
September 2013
ICS-CSR 2013: Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on ICS & SCADA Cyber Security Research 2013
Publisher: BCS
Full text available: PDF (466.87 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 5,    Citation Count: 1

Nations around the world rely on the correct and continued functioning of industrial control systems (ICS) to keep economies moving and provide critical services such as electricity and clean water. This paper provides an analysis of the current threat ...
Keywords: ICS, SCADA, Security, Threat Landscape
274
Cryptographic Approaches for Privacy Preservation in Location-Based Services: A Survey
Emmanouil Magkos
July 2011
International Journal of Information Technologies and Systems Approach , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Current research in location-based services LBSs highlights the importance of cryptographic primitives in privacy preservation for LBSs, and presents solutions that attempt to support the apparently mutually exclusive requirements for access control ...
Keywords: Cryptographic Primitives, Cryptography, Information Systems, Location-Based Services, Privacy and Security
275
Role prediction using electronic medical record system audits
Wen Zhang, Carl A. Gunter, David Liebovitz, Jian Tian, Bradley Malin
August 2011
HealthSec'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Health security and privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
276
WORM-SEAL: trustworthy data retention and verification for regulatory compliance
Tiancheng Li, Xiaonan Ma, Ninghui Li
September 2009
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As the number and scope of government regulations and rules mandating trustworthy retention of data keep growing, businesses today are facing a higher degree of regulation and accountability than ever. Existing compliance storage solutions focus on providing ...
277
Usability in Government Systems: User Experience Design for Citizens and Public Servants, 1st edition
Elizabeth Buie, Dianne Murray
May 2012
Usability in Government Systems: User Experience Design for Citizens and Public Servants, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (6.35 MB),  PDF (19.27 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 113,   Downloads (Overall): 158,    Citation Count: 2

As a usability specialist or interaction designer working with the government, or as a government or contractor professional involved in specifying, procuring, or managing system development, you need this book. Editors Elizabeth Buie and Dianne Murray ...
278
Model-carrying code: a practical approach for safe execution of untrusted applications
R. Sekar, V.N. Venkatakrishnan, Samik Basu, Sandeep Bhatkar, Daniel C. DuVarney
December 2003
SOSP '03: Proceedings of the nineteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (301.30 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 1387,    Citation Count: 55

This paper presents a new approach called model-carrying code (MCC) for safe execution of untrusted code. At the heart of MCC is the idea that untrusted code comes equipped with a concise high-level model of its security-relevant behavior. This ...

Keywords: mobile code security, policy enforcement, sand-boxing, security policies

Also published in:
December 2003 SIGOPS Operating Systems Review Volume 37 Issue 5
279
Efficient data structures for tamper-evident logging
Scott A. Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
August 2009
SSYM'09: Proceedings of the 18th conference on USENIX security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

Many real-world applications wish to collect tamperevident logs for forensic purposes. This paper considers the case of an untrusted logger, serving a number of clients who wish to store their events in the log, and kept honest by a number of auditors ...
280
Electronic Evidence and the Law
Scott M. Giordano
June 2004
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Today, documents and data are likely to be encountered in electronic form. This creates a challenge for the legal system since its rules of evidence evolved to deal with tangible (“physical”) evidence. Digital evidence differs from tangible ...

Keywords: admissibility, authentication, evidence, hearsay, reliability
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  14   15   16   17   18    next    >>
281
Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit
Harlan Carvey
April 2007
Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (6.31 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 231,    Citation Count: 6

The only book available on the market that addresses and discusses in-depth forensic analysis of Windows systems. Windows Forensic Analysis DVD Toolkit takes the reader to a whole new, undiscovered level of forensic analysis for Windows systems, providing ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
282
A portable interceptor mechanism for SOAP frameworks
Chien-Cheng Lin, Chen-Liang Fang, Deron Liang
November 2013
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

An interceptor is a generic architecture pattern, and has been used to resolve specific issues in a number of application domains. Many standard platforms such as CORBA also provide interception interfaces so that an interceptor developed for a specific ...
Keywords: ISO/IEC 9126, Portable interceptor mechanism, SOAP framework, Web Service
283
Seeking activity: on the trail of users in open and community source frameworks
Owen G. McGrath
October 2007
SIGUCCS '07: Proceedings of the 35th annual ACM SIGUCCS fall conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (300.16 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 390,    Citation Count: 5

Usage data captured and logged by computers has long been an essential source of information for software developers, support services personnel, usability designers, and learning researchers [1, 2]. Whether from mainframes, file servers, network devices, ...
Keywords: data mining, data visualization, higher education, log analytics, open and community source, usage patterns
284
From the Editorial Board: Research summary
February 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
285
Feature: Learning to love SIEM
Steve Jenkins
April 2011
Network Security , Volume 2011 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In the 1964 motion picture, Dr Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, a paranoid general played by Sterling Hayden is able to hack into a system and initiate a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union without the knowledge of his ...
286
Budget-aware Role Based Access Control
Farzad Salim, Jason Reid, Uwe Dulleck, Ed Dawson
June 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 35
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The suitability of Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is being challenged in dynamic environments like healthcare. In an RBAC system, a user's legitimate access may be denied if their need has not been anticipated by the security administrator at the time ...
Keywords: Economics of Information security, Insider problem, Misaligned incentives, Price discrimination, Role Based Access Control
287
Progger: An Efficient, Tamper-Evident Kernel-Space Logger for Cloud Data Provenance Tracking
Ryan K. L. Ko, Mark A. Will
June 2014
CLOUD '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud data provenance, or "what has happened to my data in the cloud", is a critical data security component which addresses pressing data accountability and data governance issues in cloud computing systems. In this paper, we present Progger (Provenance ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Data Provenance, Data Security, Accountability, Tamper-evident logging, Time Synchronisation
288
Exerted enterprise computing: from protocol-oriented networking to exertion-oriented networking
Michael Sobolewski
October 2010
OTM'10: Proceedings of the 2010 international conference on On the move to meaningful internet systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Most enterprise computing programs are still not written in metaprogramming languages but rather composed line by line in software programming languages as they were decades ago. These programming languages are poorly suited to expressing enterprise ...
Keywords: SOA, dynamic service objects, metacomputing, process expression, service-oriented computing
289
Citizens Collaboration and Co-Creation in Public Service Delivery: The COCKPIT Project
Sotirios Koussouris, Panagiotis Kokkinakos, Dimitrios Panopoulos, Dimitrios Askounis, Antonis Ramfos, Christos Georgousopoulos, Erik Wittern
July 2012
International Journal of Electronic Government Research , Volume 8 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Governments are striving to deliver more efficient and effective public services in order to achieve better public service quality, with reduced waiting times, improved cost effectiveness, higher productivity and more transparency. It's an issue of doing ...
Keywords: Citizens Collaboration, Open Innovation, Policy Modelling, Public Service Co-Creation, eGovernance
290
Introducing privacy in a hospital information system
Stefano Braghin, Alberto Coen-Porisini, Pietro Colombo, Sabrina Sicari, Alberto Trombetta
May 2008
SESS '08: Proceedings of the fourth international workshop on Software engineering for secure systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (584.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 922,    Citation Count:

Security and privacy issues in healthcare data management play a fundamental role in the widespread adoption of medical information systems. As a consequence, it is very important to define the right means for expressing and managing policies in order ...
Keywords: conceptual models, hospital information system, privacy policies, software engineering applications
291
IT-Forensic automotive investigations on the example of route reconstruction on automotive system and communication data
Tobias Hoppe, Sven Kuhlmann, Stefan Kiltz, Jana Dittmann
September 2012
SAFECOMP'12: Proceedings of the 31st international conference on Computer Safety, Reliability, and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As more and more complex IT systems, modern automobiles increasingly bare safety and security risks --- and have a growing relevance as sources of potentially valuable traces or evidence. But existing procedures and tools, which have proven so far in ...
Keywords: automotive IT forensics, automotive security and safety interplay, forensic process models, investigation and treatment of safety/security incidents
292
Flocks: distributed proxies for browsing privacy
Martin S. Olivier
October 2004
SAICSIT '04: Proceedings of the 2004 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: PDF (110.65 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 2,   Downloads (Overall): 259,    Citation Count: 3

This paper introduces a Privacy-Enhancing Technology (PET) based on a hybrid of Crowds and anonymising proxies. The PET--referred to as Flocks --operates by establishing a number of Web proxies and letting these proxies randomly forward requests to other ...
Keywords: management, personal privacy, privacy architecture, privacy-enhancing technologies, reliability, security
293
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - lessons in forensic preparation
Eoghan Casey
December 2005
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Investigations of network security breaches are both complex and costly. Even a moderate amount of forensic preparation in an organization can mitigate the impact of a major incident and can enable the organization to obtain restitution. A case study ...
Keywords: Attribution, Computer intrusion, Forensic computing, Forensic preparation, Forensic readiness, Incident handling, Incident response, Network forensics, Rootkit, Tracking intruders
294
Warehousing and mining Web logs
Karuna P. Joshi, Anupam Joshi, Yelena Yesha, Raghu Krishnapuram
November 1999
WIDM '99: Proceedings of the 2nd international workshop on Web information and data management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.66 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 1967,    Citation Count: 11

Analyzing Web Logs for usage and access trends can not only provide important information to web site developers and administrators, but also help in creating adaptive web sites. While there are many existing tools that generate fixed reports from web ...

Keywords: Web logs, Web mining, ad hoc analysis, clustering, user interface
295
Digital forensic text string searching: Improving information retrieval effectiveness by thematically clustering search results
Nicole Lang Beebe, Jan Guynes Clark
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Current digital forensic text string search tools use match and/or indexing algorithms to search digital evidence at the physical level to locate specific text strings. They are designed to achieve 100% query recall (i.e. find all instances of the text ...
Keywords: Digital forensics, Kohonen, Self-Organizing Map, Text clustering, Text string search
296
A tag-based data model for privacy-preserving medical applications
Surya Nepal, John Zic, Frederic Jaccard, Gregoire Kraehenbuehl
March 2006
EDBT'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Current Trends in Database Technology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In autonomous distributed healthcare environments, patients' electronic medical records are controlled and managed by each healthcare facility. It is important to ensure that when records are accessed and transferred that it is done securely, while ...
297
SP 800-32. Introduction to Public Key Technology and the Federal PKI Infrastructure
D. Richard Kuhn, Vincent Hu, W. Timothy Polk, Shu-jen H. Chang
February 2001
SP 800-32. Introduction to Public Key Technology and the Federal PKI Infrastructure
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (595.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 81,    Citation Count: 4

This publication was developed to assist agency decision-makers in determining if a PKI is appropriate for their agency, and how PKI services can be deployed most effectively within a Federal agency. It is intended to provide an overview of PKI functions ...
Keywords: Certificates, PKI, digital signatures, public key infrastructure
298
Practical authenticated pattern matching with optimal proof size
Dimitrios Papadopoulos, Charalampos Papamanthou, Roberto Tamassia, Nikos Triandopoulos
February 2015
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 8 Issue 7
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (616.03 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 20,    Citation Count: 0

We address the problem of authenticating pattern matching queries over textual data that is outsourced to an untrusted cloud server. By employing cryptographic accumulators in a novel optimal integrity-checking tool built directly over a suffix tree, ...
299
Tappan Zee (north) bridge: mining memory accesses for introspection
Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Tim Leek, Josh Hodosh, Wenke Lee
November 2013
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (3.19 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 271,    Citation Count: 1

The ability to introspect into the behavior of software at runtime is crucial for many security-related tasks, such as virtual machine-based intrusion detection and low-artifact malware analysis. Although some progress has been made in this task by automatically ...
Keywords: active monitoring, introspection, reverse engineering
300
Securing digital signatures for non-repudiation
J. Zhou, K. Y. Lam
May 1999
Computer Communications , Volume 22 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

Dispute of transactions is a common problem that could jeopardise business. Hence non-repudiation services are essential in business transactions which provide evidence to enable dispute resolution. To be eligible as non-repudiation evidence, the digital ...
Keywords: Digital signature, Non-repudiation, Secure electronic commerce
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  15   16   17   18   19    next    >>
301
Threats to privacy in the forensic analysis of database systems
Patrick Stahlberg, Gerome Miklau, Brian Neil Levine
June 2007
SIGMOD '07: Proceedings of the 2007 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (457.59 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 1962,    Citation Count: 13

The use of any modern computer system leaves unintended traces of expired data and remnants of users' past activities. In this paper, we investigate the unintended persistence of data stored in database systems. This data can be recovered by forensic ...
Keywords: forensics, privacy, transparency
302
Log Management: Turning log files into a security asset
Donal Casey
February 2008
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Despite most businesses having a range of devices which create log files of user and system activity, few actually analyse the logs for information. As the internet becomes an integral part of the way we live and work, the number of logs generated and ...
303
Network attacks
N. Hoque, Monowar H. Bhuyan, R.C. Baishya, D.K. Bhattacharyya, J.K. Kalita
April 2014
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 40 Issue C
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

To prevent and defend networks from the occurrence of attacks, it is highly essential that we have a broad knowledge of existing tools and systems available in the public domain. Based on the behavior and possible impact or severity of damages, attacks ...
Keywords: DoS, Network attacks, Protocol, Systems, Tools
304
Agent-based accountable grid computing systems
Wonjun Lee, Anna Squicciarini, Elisa Bertino
August 2013
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 65 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Accountability is an important aspect of any computer system. It assures that every action executed in the system can be traced back to some entity. Accountability is even more crucial for assuring the safety and security of grid systems, given the very ...
Keywords: Accountability, Agents, Distributed denial of service attack, Grid computing
305
CAPRI: a tool for mining complex line patterns in large log data
Farhana Zulkernine, Patrick Martin, Wendy Powley, Sima Soltani, Serge Mankovskii, Mark Addleman
August 2013
BigMine '13: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (777.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 163,    Citation Count: 0

Log files provide important information for troubleshooting complex systems. However, the structure and contents of the log data and messages vary widely. For automated processing, it is necessary to first understand the layout and the structure of the ...
Keywords: association rule, line, term, type-casting, value pattern mining
306
Integrating web conceptual modeling and web usage mining
Rosa Meo, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Roberto Esposito
August 2004
WebKDD'04: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Knowledge Discovery on the Web: advances in Web Mining and Web Usage Analysis
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

We present a case study about the application of the inductive database approach to the analysis of Web logs. We consider rich XML Web logs – called conceptual logs – that are generated by Web applications designed with the WebML conceptual ...
Keywords: MINE RULE, association rules, inductive databases, web log, web structure mining, web usage mining
307
Dustminer: troubleshooting interactive complexity bugs in sensor networks
Mohammad Maifi Hasan Khan, Hieu Khac Le, Hossein Ahmadi, Tarek F. Abdelzaher, Jiawei Han
November 2008
SenSys '08: Proceedings of the 6th ACM conference on Embedded network sensor systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (791.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 474,    Citation Count: 29

This paper presents a tool for uncovering bugs due to interactive complexity in networked sensing applications. Such bugs are not localized to one component that is faulty, but rather result from complex and unexpected interactions between multiple often ...

Keywords: distributed automated debugging, protocol debugging, wireless sensor networks
308
Access control for smarter healthcare using policy spaces
Claudio A. Ardagna, Sabrina De Capitani Di Vimercati, Sara Foresti, Tyrone W. Grandison, Sushil Jajodia, Pierangela Samarati
November 2010
Computers and Security , Volume 29 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

A fundamental requirement for the healthcare industry is that the delivery of care comes first and nothing should interfere with it. As a consequence, the access control mechanisms used in healthcare to regulate and restrict the disclosure of data are ...
Keywords: Access control, Break the glass, Exceptions, Healthcare systems, Policy spaces
309
Caveat mercator in electronic commerce: An update
Daniel G. Conway, Gary J. Koehler
December 2008
Decision Support Systems , Volume 46 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Conway and Koehler presented a new type of software agent that converted merchant interfaces into middleware that enabled a user to bring to bear powerful decision support tools in eCommerce transactions. They called them Interface Agents. These agents ...

Keywords: Interface Agent, Seller beware, eCommerce
310
A new concentric-circle visualization of multi-dimensional data and its application in network security
Liang Fu Lu, Jia Wan Zhang, Mao Lin Huang, Lei Fu
August 2010
Journal of Visual Languages and Computing , Volume 21 Issue 4
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

With the rapid growth of networked data communications in size and complexity, network administrators today are facing more challenges to protect their networked computers and devices from all kinds of attacks. This paper proposes a new concentric-circle ...
Keywords: Concentric-circle coordinate, Crossing reduction, Multi-dimensional data visualization, Network intrusion detection, Network visualization, Polycurve, Security visualization
311
Integrating intrusion alert information to aid forensic explanation: An analytical intrusion detection framework for distributive IDS
Bon K. Sy
October 2009
Information Fusion , Volume 10 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The objective of this research is to show an analytical intrusion detection framework (AIDF) comprised of (i) a probability model discovery approach, and (ii) a probabilistic inference mechanism for generating the most probable forensic explanation based ...

Keywords: Forensic analysis, Intrusion detection, Model discovery, Probabilistic inference
312
Providing process origin information to aid in computer forensic investigations
Florian P. Buchholz, Clay Shields
September 2004
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 12 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The number of computer attacks has been growing dramatically as the Internet has grown. Attackers currently have little or no disincentive to conducting attacks because they are able to hide their location effectively by creating a chain of connections ...
313
Large-scale collection and sanitization of network security data: risks and challenges
Phillip Porras, Vitaly Shmatikov
September 2006
NSPW '06: Proceedings of the 2006 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (153.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 922,    Citation Count: 8

Over the last several years, there has been an emerging interest in the development of wide-area data collection and analysis centers to help identify, track, and formulate responses to the ever-growing number of coordinated attacks and malware infections ...
314
TrendsSummary: a platform for retrieving and summarizing trendy multimedia contents
Daehoon Kim, Daeyong Kim, Sanghoon Jun, Seungmin Rho, Eenjun Hwang
November 2014
Multimedia Tools and Applications , Volume 73 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

With the flood and popularity of various multimedia contents on the Internet, searching for appropriate contents and representing them effectively has become an essential part for user satisfaction. So far, many contents recommendation systems have been ...
Keywords: Multimedia contents recommendation, Naïve Bayes classifier, Summarization, TreeMap, Trends, Twitter
315
A decision methodology for managing operational efficiency and information disclosure risk in healthcare processes
Xue Bai, Ram Gopal, Manuel Nunez, Dmitry Zhdanov
January 2014
Decision Support Systems , Volume 57
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper addresses two critical challenges faced by healthcare organizations: significant personnel shortages and mandates to safeguard patient safety and information security. We develop a two-stage decision making methodology to optimize the healthcare ...
Keywords: Control, Healthcare processes, Information disclosure, Optimization, Risk, Workflow efficiency
316
Seeing the invisible: forensic uses of anomaly detection and machine learning
Federico Maggi, Stefano Zanero, Vincenzo Iozzo
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (968.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 765,    Citation Count: 1

Anti-forensics is the practice of circumventing classical forensics analysis procedures making them either unreliable or impossible. In this paper we propose the use of machine learning algorithms and anomaly detection to cope with a wide class of definitive ...

Keywords: computer forensics, host-based anomaly detection
317
Game design principles for engaging cooperative play: core mechanics and interfaces for non-mimetic simulation of fire emergency response
Zachary O. Toups, Andruid Kerne, William Hamilton
August 2009
Sandbox '09: Proceedings of the 2009 ACM SIGGRAPH Symposium on Video Games
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (445.21 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 413,    Citation Count: 5

Core mechanics are the activities that players repeat to play a game, the central aspects of play constrained by rules. Interfaces mediate play experiences, impacting engagement with core mechanics. We design core mechanics for gathering, integrating, ...

Keywords: communication, cooperation, coordination, core mechanics, emergency response, interface design, work practice
318
Nysiad: practical protocol transformation to tolerate Byzantine failures
Chi Ho, Robbert van Renesse, Mark Bickford, Danny Dolev
April 2008
NSDI'08: Proceedings of the 5th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

The paper presents and evaluates Nysiad, a system that implements a new technique for transforming a scalable distributed system or network protocol tolerant only of crash failures into one that tolerates arbitrary failures, including such failures as ...
319
Collaborative multi-agent rock facies classification from wireline well log data
Christopher M. Gifford, Arvin Agah
October 2010
Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence , Volume 23 Issue 7
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Gas and oil reservoirs have been the focus of modeling efforts for decades as an attempt to locate zones with high volumes. Certain subsurface layers and layer sequences, such as those containing shale, are known to be impermeable to gas and/or liquid. ...
Keywords: Applied artificial intelligence, Collaborative learning, Multi-agent systems, Rock classification, Well logs
320
Cybercrime – raising awareness for future professionals
Margaret Ross, Geoff Staples, Mark Udall
May 2009
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of the many approaches to enable businesses and individuals to protect themselves from the ever-increasing amount and range of cybercrime is by education of future computing professionals. This is relevant to students studying different aspects ...

Keywords: MSc students, UK higher education, United Kingdom, computing education, cybercrime, digital forensics, electronic security, future computing professionals, internet crime, raising awareness, risks, social networking, student views, surveys
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  16   17   18   19   20    next    >>
321
Preference-based cloud service recommendation as a brokerage service
Ioannis Patiniotakis, Yiannis Verginadis, Gregoris Mentzas
December 2014
CCB '14: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on CrossCloud Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 51,    Citation Count: 0

As the multitude and complexity of cloud services increases, the role of cloud brokers in the cloud service ecosystems becomes increasingly important. In particular, the lack of standard mechanisms that allow for the comparison of cloud service specifications ...
Keywords: MCDM, cloud service broker, optimisation, service ranking
322
The Best Damn Windows Server 2008 Book Period, 2 edition
Anthony Piltzecker
June 2008
The Best Damn Windows Server 2008 Book Period, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (12.61 MB),  PDF (34.96 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 153,    Citation Count: 0

The Second Edition of the Best Damn Windows Server Book Period is completely revised and updated to Windows Server 2008.This book will show you how to increase the reliability and flexibility of your server infrastructure with built-in Web and ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security, Viruses
323
Automatic high-performance reconstruction and recovery
Ashvin Goel, Wu-chang Feng, Wu-chi Feng, David Maier
April 2007
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 51 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Self-protecting systems require the ability to instantaneously detect malicious activity at run-time and prevent execution. We argue that it is impossible to perfectly self-protect systems without false positives due to the limited amount of information ...
Keywords: Auditing, Computer forensics, Operating systems, Self-healing computers
324
A real-time intrusion prevention system for commercial enterprise databases
Ulf Mattsson
February 2005
SEPADS'05: Proceedings of the 4th WSEAS International Conference on Software Engineering, Parallel & Distributed Systems
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Modern intrusion detection systems are comprised of three basically different approaches, host based, network based, and a third relatively recent addition called procedural based detection. The first two have been extremely popular in the commercial ...

Keywords: GLBA, HIPAA, VISA CISP, database security, encryption, intrusion tolerance, isolation
325
ACCessory: password inference using accelerometers on smartphones
Emmanuel Owusu, Jun Han, Sauvik Das, Adrian Perrig, Joy Zhang
February 2012
HotMobile '12: Proceedings of the Twelfth Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems & Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (354.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 147,   Downloads (Overall): 493,    Citation Count: 36

We show that accelerometer readings are a powerful side channel that can be used to extract entire sequences of entered text on a smart-phone touchscreen keyboard. This possibility is a concern for two main reasons. First, unauthorized access to one's ...
Keywords: accelerometer, keystroke inference, mobile phone, sensor malware, side-channel attack
326
Business Intelligence: The Savvy Manager's Guide, 2 edition
David Loshin
November 2012
Business Intelligence: The Savvy Manager's Guide, 2 edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.83 MB),  PDF (4.61 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 214,   Downloads (Overall): 296,    Citation Count: 0

Following the footsteps of the first edition, the second edition of Business Intelligence is a full overview of what comprises business intelligence. It is intended to provide an introduction to the concepts to uncomplicate the learning process ...
327
Measures of retaining digital evidence to prosecute computer-based cyber-crimes
Shiuh-Jeng Wang
February 2007
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 29 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

With the rapid growth of computer and network systems in recent years, there has also been a corresponding increase in cyber-crime. Cyber-crime takes many forms and has garnered much attention in the media, making information security a more urgent and ...

Keywords: Computer forensics, Cyber-crime, Digital evidence, Investigation
328
Design and implementation of FROST: Digital forensic tools for the OpenStack cloud computing platform
Josiah Dykstra, Alan T. Sherman
August 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe the design, implementation, and evaluation of FROST-three new forensic tools for the OpenStack cloud platform. Our implementation for the OpenStack cloud platform supports an Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) cloud and provides trustworthy ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Cloud forensics, Digital forensics, FROST, OpenStack
329
Analysis of Search and Browsing Behavior of Young Users on the Web
Sergio Duarte Torres, Ingmar Weber, Djoerd Hiemstra
March 2014
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 8 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (9.17 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 438,   Downloads (Overall): 642,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet is increasingly used by young children for all kinds of purposes. Nonetheless, there are not many resources especially designed for children on the Internet and most of the content online is designed for grown-up users. This situation is ...
Keywords: Children, Web search, Yahoo! Answers, Yahoo! Search, adults, browsing behavior, query logs, search behavior, session analysis, toolbar logs, topic classification, young adults
330
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
June 2012
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (15.62 MB),  PDF (59.91 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 95,   Downloads (Overall): 156,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ...
331
Fast and automated generation of attack signatures: a basis for building self-protecting servers
Zhenkai Liang, R. Sekar
November 2005
CCS '05: Proceedings of the 12th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (180.09 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 1732,    Citation Count: 39

Large-scale attacks, such as those launched by worms and zombie farms, pose a serious threat to our network-centric society. Existing approaches such as software patches are simply unable to cope with the volume and speed with which new vulnerabilities ...
Keywords: buffer overflow, denial-of-service protection, memory error, signature generation, worm defense
332
Cloud storage forensics: ownCloud as a case study
Ben Martini, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
December 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The storage as a service (StaaS) cloud computing architecture is showing significant growth as users adopt the capability to store data in the cloud environment across a range of devices. Cloud (storage) forensics has recently emerged as a salient area ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage forensics, Digital forensics, Open source cloud, Private cloud, SaaS, StaaS, Storage as a service
333
Hi-Fi: collecting high-fidelity whole-system provenance
Devin J. Pohly, Stephen McLaughlin, Patrick McDaniel, Kevin Butler
December 2012
ACSAC '12: Proceedings of the 28th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (150.63 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 99,    Citation Count: 2

Data provenance---a record of the origin and evolution of data in a system---is a useful tool for forensic analysis. However, existing provenance collection mechanisms fail to achieve sufficient breadth or fidelity to provide a holistic view of a system's ...
Keywords: data provenance, forensics, malware, reference monitor
334
Towards a tamper-resistant kernel rootkit detector
Nguyen Anh Quynh, Yoshiyasu Takefuji
March 2007
SAC '07: Proceedings of the 2007 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (177.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 1125,    Citation Count: 8

A variety of tools and architectures have been developed to detect security violations to Operating System kernels. However, they all have fundamental flaw in the design so that they fail to discover kernel-level attack. Few hardware solutions have been ...
Keywords: Linux, Xen virtual machine, intrusion detection, kernel rootkit
335
A testbed for SCADA control system cybersecurity research and pedagogy
Thomas Morris, Rayford Vaughn, Yoginder S. Dandass
October 2011
CSIIRW '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (378.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 121,   Downloads (Overall): 361,    Citation Count:
336
Trail of bytes: efficient support for forensic analysis
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
October 2010
CCS '10: Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (905.37 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 1008,    Citation Count: 11

For the most part, forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast ...
Keywords: audit, forensics, provenance, virtualization
337
Flexible access control for javascript
Gregor Richards, Christian Hammer, Francesco Zappa Nardelli, Suresh Jagannathan, Jan Vitek
October 2013
OOPSLA '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGPLAN international conference on Object oriented programming systems languages & applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.01 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 194,    Citation Count: 2

Providing security guarantees for systems built out of untrusted components requires the ability to define and enforce access control policies over untrusted code. In Web 2.0 applications, JavaScript code from different origins is often combined on a ...
Keywords: delimited histories, javascript, same-origin policy, security
338
Human perspective to anomaly detection for cybersecurity
Song Chen, Vandana P. Janeja
February 2014
Journal of Intelligent Information Systems , Volume 42 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Traditionally signature-based network Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) rely on inputs from domain experts and can only identify the attacks if they occur as individual event. IDS generate large number of alerts and it becomes very difficult for human ...
Keywords: Cybersecurity, Data mining, Human factors, Pattern discovery
339
Mining large distributed log data in near real time
Stefan Weigert, Matti Hiltunen, Christof Fetzer
October 2011
SLAML '11: Managing Large-scale Systems via the Analysis of System Logs and the Application of Machine Learning Techniques
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.60 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count: 1

Analyzing huge amounts of log data is often a difficult task, especially if it has to be done in real time (e.g., fraud detection) or when large amounts of stored data are required for the analysis. Graphs are a data structure often used in log analysis. ...
Keywords: COI, distributed graphs, log processing
340
Restricted queries over an encrypted index with applications to regulatory compliance
Nikita Borisov, Soumyadeb Mitra
June 2008
ACNS'08: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Applied cryptography and network security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Compliance storage is an increasingly important area for businesses faced with a myriad of new document retention regulations. Today, businesses have turned to Write-One Read Many (WORM) storage technology to achieve compliance. But WORM answers only ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  17   18   19   20   21    next    >>
341
Continuous auditing technologies and models: A discussion
S. Flowerday, A. W. Blundell, R. Von Solms
July 2006
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the age of real-time accounting and real-time communication current audit practices, while effective, often provide audit results long after fraud and/or errors have occurred. Real-time assurances can assist in preventing intentional or unintentional ...
Keywords: Continuous auditing, Information integrity, Internal controls, Real-time assurances, Technology-based prevention
342
Handbook on Securing Cyber-Physical Critical Infrastructure, 1st edition
Sajal K. Das, Krishna Kant, Nan Zhang
January 2012
Handbook on Securing Cyber-Physical Critical Infrastructure, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (10.75 MB),  PDF (19.92 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 31,   Downloads (12 Months): 249,   Downloads (Overall): 306,    Citation Count: 4

The worldwide reach of the Internet allows malicious cyber criminals to coordinate and launch attacks on both cyber and cyber-physical infrastructure from anywhere in the world. This purpose of this handbook is to introduce the theoretical foundations ...
343
Semantic Search on Unstructured Data: Explicit Knowledge through Data Recycling
François Bry, Alex Kohn, Alexander Manta
April 2010
International Journal on Semantic Web & Information Systems , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Studies agree that searchers are often not satisfied with the performance of current enterprise search engines. As a consequence, more scientists worldwide are actively investigating new avenues for searching to improve retrieval performance. This paper ...
Keywords: Empirical System Evaluation, Enterprise Information Systems, Information Extraction, Information Search and Retrieval, Semantic Technologies
344
A caching-oriented management design for the performance enhancement of solid-state drives
Yuan-Hao Chang, Cheng-Kang Hsieh, Po-Chun Huang, Pi-Cheng Hsiu
February 2012
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 8 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (703.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 409,    Citation Count:

While solid-state drives are excellent alternatives to hard disks in mobile devices, a number of performance and reliability issues need to be addressed. In this work, we design an efficient flash management scheme for the performance improvement of ...
Keywords: Flash memory, cache, performance, solid-state disk
345
Introduction to Cyber-Warfare: A Multidisciplinary Approach, 1st edition
Paulo Shakarian, Jana Shakarian, Andrew Ruef
May 2013
Introduction to Cyber-Warfare: A Multidisciplinary Approach, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.14 MB),  PDF (9.76 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 127,   Downloads (Overall): 184,    Citation Count: 0

Introduction to Cyber-Warfare: A Multidisciplinary Approach, written by experts on the front lines, gives you an insider's look into the world of cyber-warfare through the use of recent case studies. The book examines the issues related to cyber ...
346
Survey and research direction on online game security
Jiyoung Woo, Huy Kang Kim
November 2012
WASA '12: Proceedings of the Workshop at SIGGRAPH Asia
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (642.99 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count: 0

Online game security is a newly emerging research area that is attracting considerable attention with the growth of the online game industry. There is an increasing need for online game service providers to detect and prevent the various threats associated ...
Keywords: countermeasure, game bot, gold farming, massive multi-user online role playing game (MMORPG), online game security
347
Attribution of malicious behavior
Jonathon Giffin, Abhinav Srivastava
December 2010
ICISS'10: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Information systems security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Internet-connected computer systems face ongoing software attacks. Existing defensive solutions, such as intrusion detection systems, rely on the ability to identify malicious software (malware) in order to prevent its installation. This approach remains ...
348
Pasture: secure offline data access using commodity trusted hardware
Ramakrishna Kotla, Tom Rodeheffer, Indrajit Roy, Patrick Stuedi, Benjamin Wester
October 2012
OSDI'12: Proceedings of the 10th USENIX conference on Operating Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

This paper presents Pasture, a secure messaging and logging library that enables rich mobile experiences by providing secure offline data access. Without trusting users, applications, operating systems, or hypervisors, Pasture leverages commodity trusted ...
349
End-to-end framework for fault management for open source clusters: Ranger
John L. Hammond, Tommy Minyard, Jim Browne
August 2010
TG '10: Proceedings of the 2010 TeraGrid Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (270.86 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 150,    Citation Count:

The scale and complexity of both hardware and software on large open source software systems such as Ranger make occurrence of faults and failures inevitable. What is not inevitable is that they should be allowed to go undetected, nor that diagnosis ...
Keywords: fault/failure diagnosis and management, message log analysis, message logging, online monitoring
350
An industrial case study of performance and cost design space exploration
Thijmen de Gooijer, Anton Jansen, Heiko Koziolek, Anne Koziolek
April 2012
ICPE '12: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.91 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 204,    Citation Count: 8

Determining the trade-off between performance and costs of a distributed software system is important as it enables fulfilling performance requirements in a cost-efficient way. The large amount of design alternatives for such systems often leads software ...
Keywords: industrial case study, performance modeling, software architecture
351
Reconstruction of falsified computer logs for digital forensics investigations
Maolin Tang, Colin Fidge
January 2010
AISC '10: Proceedings of the Eighth Australasian Conference on Information Security - Volume 105 , Volume 105
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (376.75 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count:

Digital forensics investigations aim to find evidence that helps confirm or disprove a hypothesis about an alleged computer-based crime. However, the ease with which computer-literate criminals can falsify computer event logs makes the prosecutor's job ...
Keywords: computer logs, digital forensics, event correlation algorithms
352
Model-driven development of multidimensional models from web log files
Paul Hernández, Irene Garrigós, Jose-Norberto Mazón
November 2010
ER'10: Proceedings of the 2010 international conference on Advances in conceptual modeling: applications and challenges
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Analyzing Web log data is important in order to study the usage of a website. Even though some approaches propose data warehousing techniques for structuring the Web log data into a multidimensional model, they present two main drawbacks: (i) they are ...
353
Contractual barriers to transparency in electronic voting
Joseph Lorenzo Hall
August 2007
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We analyze a data set of 55 contracts between state and local election jurisdictions and voting system vendors for transparency-inhibiting terms and provisions. We discuss the advantages and disadvantages of certain provisions and make recommendations ...
354
Safe side effects commitment for OS-level virtualization
Zhiyong Shan, Xin Wang, Tzi-cker Chiueh, Xiaofeng Meng
June 2011
ICAC '11: Proceedings of the 8th ACM international conference on Autonomic computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (592.62 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 172,    Citation Count:

A common application of virtual machines (VM) is to use and then throw away, basically treating a VM like a completely isolated and disposable entity. The disadvantage of this approach is that if there is no malicious activity, the user has to re-do ...
Keywords: malware, virtual machine, virtual machine commitment
355
Perl Scripting for Windows Security: Live Response, Forensic Analysis, and Monitoring
Harlan Carvey, Jeremy Faircloth
December 2007
Perl Scripting for Windows Security: Live Response, Forensic Analysis, and Monitoring
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (12.67 MB),  PDF (4.68 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 139,    Citation Count: 0

This book is intended for anyone who has an interest in useful Perl scripting, in particular on the Windows platform, for the purpose of incident response, and forensic analysis, and application monitoring. While a thorough grounding in scripting languages ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Security
356
Mastering Cloud Computing: Foundations and Applications Programming, 1st edition
Rajkumar Buyya, Christian Vecchiola, S. Thamarai Selvi
April 2013
Mastering Cloud Computing: Foundations and Applications Programming, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (8.75 MB),  PDF (36.94 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 60,   Downloads (12 Months): 597,   Downloads (Overall): 689,    Citation Count: 2

Mastering Cloud Computing is designed for undergraduate students learning to develop cloud computing applications. Tomorrow's applications won't live on a single computer but will be deployed from and reside on a virtual server, accessible anywhere, ...
357
Security Analysis of the Estonian Internet Voting System
Drew Springall, Travis Finkenauer, Zakir Durumeric, Jason Kitcat, Harri Hursti, Margaret MacAlpine, J. Alex Halderman
November 2014
CCS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (4.35 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 314,   Downloads (Overall): 314,    Citation Count: 2

Estonia was the first country in the world to use Internet voting nationally, and today more than 30% of its ballots are cast online. In this paper, we analyze the security of the Estonian I-voting system based on a combination of in-person election ...
Keywords: attacks, case studies, estonia, internet voting, security, security analysis, voting, vulnerabilities
358
Analyzing repetitive action in game based on sequence pattern matching
Shin Jin Kang, Young Bin Kim, Soo Kyun Kim
September 2014
Journal of Real-Time Image Processing , Volume 9 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As games become more popular, procedures which can support the analysis and understanding of players' behaviors are necessary for success of commercial games. This paper presents a log-based usability evaluation system to analyze user behavior in a gaming ...
Keywords: Log data analysis, Mouse tracking, Usability evaluation
359
Intelligent Clustering Scheme for Log Data Streams
Basanta Joshi, Umanga Bista, Manoj Ghimire
April 2014
CICLing 2014: Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Computational Linguistics and Intelligent Text Processing - Volume 8404 , Volume 8404
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Mining patterns from the log messages is valuable for real-time analysis and detecting faults, anomaly and security threats. A data-streaming algorithm with an efficient pattern finding approach is more practical way to classify these ubiquitous logs. ...
Keywords: event log mining, local sensitive hashing, log clustering, similarity search, sketching
360
An Algorithm for Building User-Role Profiles in a Trust Environment
Evimaria Terzi, Yuhui Zhong, Bharat K. Bhargava, Pankaj, Sanjay Kumar Madria
September 2002
DaWaK 2000: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

A good direction towards building secure systems that operate efficiently in large-scale environments (like the World Wide Web) is the deployment of Role Based Access Control Methods (RBAC). RBAC architectures do not deal with each user separately, but ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  18   19   20   21   22    next    >>
361
PRISM: privacy-preserving search in mapreduce
Erik-Oliver Blass, Roberto Di Pietro, Refik Molva, Melek Önen
July 2012
PETS'12: Proceedings of the 12th international conference on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

We present PRISM, a privacy-preserving scheme for word search in cloud computing. In the face of a curious cloud provider, the main challenge is to design a scheme that achieves privacy while preserving the efficiency of cloud computing. Solutions from ...
362
Enforcing Policies: Enforcing information security: architecture and responsibilities
Steven J. Ross
February 2008
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

True information security - the actual, demonstrable and continuous protection of information resources - exists within an organisation at the intersection of the ideal and the possible. Information security policies and standards express management's ...
363
VoteBox: a tamper-evident, verifiable electronic voting system
Daniel Sandler, Kyle Derr, Dan S. Wallach
July 2008
SS'08: Proceedings of the 17th conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 19

Commercial electronic voting systems have experienced many high-profile software, hardware, and usability failures in real elections. While it is tempting to abandon electronic voting altogether, we show how a careful application of distributed systems ...
364
On the exploitation of process mining for security audits: the process discovery case
Rafael Accorsi, Thomas Stocker, Günter Müller
March 2013
SAC '13: Proceedings of the 28th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (622.44 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 98,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count: 0

This paper reports on the potential of process mining as a basis for security audits of business process and corresponding business process management systems. In particular, it focuses on process discovery as a means to reconstruct process-related structures ...
Keywords: business process, process discovery, process mining, security audit
365
Web personalization based on usage mining
Sharhida Zawani Saad
September 2009
FDIA'09: Proceedings of the Third BCS-IRSG conference on Future Directions in Information Access
Publisher: British Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Personalized or recommender systems are a particular type of information filtering applications. User profiles, representing the information needs and preferences of users, can be inferred from log or clickthrough data, or the ratings that users provide ...
Keywords: adaptive web sites, personalization, recommender systems, web usage mining
366
Windows Forensic Analysis Toolkit, Third Edition: Advanced Analysis Techniques for Windows 7, 3rd edition
Harlan Carvey
February 2012
Windows Forensic Analysis Toolkit, Third Edition: Advanced Analysis Techniques for Windows 7, 3rd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.13 MB),  PDF (8.73 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 79,   Downloads (Overall): 135,    Citation Count: 0

Amazon Exclusive: A Letter from Harlan Carvey, author of Windows Forensic Analysis Toolkit, 3rd Edition Harlan Carvey Dear Amazon Readers, I am not an expert. I really, enthusiastically enjoy performing digital forensic analysis of Windows systems and ...
367
Tree-formed verification data for trusted platforms
Andreas U. Schmidt, Andreas Leicher, Andreas Brett, Yogendra Shah, Inhyok Cha
February 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 32
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The establishment of trust relationships to a computing platform relies on validation processes. Validation allows an external entity to build trust in the expected behaviour of the platform based on provided evidence of the platform's configuration. ...
Keywords: Hash tree, Measurement log, Remote attestation, Trusted platform, Validation, Verification data
368
Calendar: Events calendar
May 2005
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
369
Direct answers for search queries in the long tail
Michael S. Bernstein, Jaime Teevan, Susan Dumais, Daniel Liebling, Eric Horvitz
May 2012
CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (3.48 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 79,   Downloads (Overall): 708,    Citation Count: 15

Web search engines now offer more than ranked results. Queries on topics like weather, definitions, and movies may return inline results called answers that can resolve a searcher's information need without any additional interaction. Despite the usefulness ...
Keywords: crowdsourcing, query log analysis, search user interfaces
370
Keeping track of 70,000+ servers: the akamai query system
Jeff Cohen, Thomas Repantis, Sean McDermott, Scott Smith, Joel Wein
November 2010
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Akamai platformis a network of over 73,000 servers supporting numerous web infrastructure services including the distribution of static and dynamic HTTP content, delivery of live and on-demand streaming media, high-availability storage, accelerated ...
371
A novel mobile device user interface with integrated social networking services
Yanqing Cui, Mikko Honkala
September 2013
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 71 Issue 9
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Modern mobile devices support accessing Web-based social networking services from the user interface (UI) of Web browsers, applications, and mobile widgets. While effectively accessing these services, people may find it tedious to switch between multiple ...
Keywords: Automatic filtering, Hypertext navigation, Mobile Web, Social networking services, User experience
372
On tracker attacks in health grids
Andrew Simpson, David Power, Mark Slaymaker
April 2006
SAC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (246.68 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 614,    Citation Count: 4

The utilisation of grid computing to support healthcare research is becoming increasingly widespread, as is the use of IT to support healthcare delivery. Furthermore, it seems that the two areas are on an inevitable convergence path as clinical ...
Keywords: inference control, medical databases
373
Architecting dependable systems with proactive fault management
Felix Salfner, Miroslaw Malek
January 2010
Architecting dependable systems VII
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Management of an ever-growing complexity of computing systems is an everlasting challenge for computer system engineers. We argue that we need to resort to predictive technologies in order to harness the system's complexity and transform a vision of ...
374
Retained-Key Encryption
David Crowe, Wasim Al-Hamdani
April 2013
International Journal of Interdisciplinary Telecommunications and Networking , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper presents a synchronous encryption key management model that does not require the sender to disclose the encryption key in order to effect decryption. This eliminates the need for key exchange mechanisms, giving the sender improved control ...
Keywords: Encryption Key Management, Key Management, Retained-Key Encryption, Synchronous Encryption, Undisclosed Encryption Key
375
A user-centric federated single sign-on system
Suriadi Suriadi, Ernest Foo, Audun Jøsang
March 2009
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 32 Issue 2
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Current identity management systems are not concerned with user privacy. Users must assume that identity providers and service providers will ensure their privacy, which is not always the case. This paper proposes an extension of the existing federated ...

Keywords: Identity management, Privacy, Private credential, Single sign-on, User-centric
376
Information Assurance: Dependability and Security in Networked Systems
Yi Qian, David Tipper, Prashant Krishnamurthy, James Joshi
November 2007
Information Assurance: Dependability and Security in Networked Systems
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (4.15 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 78,   Downloads (Overall): 332,    Citation Count: 3

In today's fast paced, infocentric environment, professionals increasingly rely on networked information technology to do business. Unfortunately, with the advent of such technology came new and complex problems that continue to threaten the availability, ...
Keywords: Networking
377
On identity assurance in the presence of federated identity management systems
Yolanta Beres, Adrian Baldwin, Marco Casassa Mont, Simon Shiu
November 2007
DIM '07: Proceedings of the 2007 ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (380.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 952,    Citation Count:

In this paper we address the appropriate management of risk in federated identity management systems by presenting an identity assurance framework and supporting technologies. We start by discussing the risk mitigation framework that should be part of ...
Keywords: assurance, audit, control, identity, models, risk
378
Website privacy preservation for query log publishing
Barbara Poblete, Myra Spiliopoulou, Ricardo Baeza-Yates
August 2007
PinKDD'07: Proceedings of the 1st ACM SIGKDD international conference on Privacy, security, and trust in KDD
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

In this paper we study privacy preservation for the publication of search engine query logs. We introduce a new privacy concern, website privacy as a special case of business privacy.We define the possible adversaries who could be interested in disclosing ...
379
Internal access controls
Geetanjali Sampemane
January 2015
Communications of the ACM , Volume 58 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (22.44 KB),  PDF (1.75 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 390,   Downloads (Overall): 390,    Citation Count: 0

Trust, but verify.
380
Access Control for Home Data Sharing: Attitudes, Needs and Practices
Michelle L. Mazurek, J. P. Arsenault, Joanna Bresee, Nitin Gupta, Iulia Ion, Christina Johns, Daniel Lee, Yuan Liang, Jenny Olsen, Brandon Salmon, Richard Shay, Kami Vaniea, Lujo Bauer, Lorrie Faith Cranor, Gregory R. Ganger, Michael K. Reiter
April 2010
CHI '10: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (367.66 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 698,    Citation Count: 23

As digital content becomes more prevalent in the home, non-technical users are increasingly interested in sharing that content with others and accessing it from multiple devices. Not much is known about how these users think about controlling access ...
Keywords: access control, home computing, privacy, security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  19   20   21   22   23    next    >>
381
Two security patterns: least privilege and security logger and auditor
Eduardo B. Fernandez, Sergio Mujica, Francisca Valenzuela
October 2011
AsianPLoP '11: Proceedings of the 2nd Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (381.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

We present here two security patterns that describe fundamental aspects: Least Privilege-- How can we minimize misuses by the users or workers of an institution? Give the users or the executing processes of a system the rights they need ...
Keywords: security patterns, security priciples, software architecture, system security
382
Usable security: how to get it
Butler Lampson
November 2009
Communications of the ACM , Volume 52 Issue 11
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (19.59 KB),  PDF (1.85 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 475,   Downloads (12 Months): 2610,   Downloads (Overall): 30896,    Citation Count: 26

Why does your computer bother you so much about security, but still isn't secure? It's because users don't have a model for security, or a simple way to keep important things safe.
383
Virtualization and Forensics: A Digital Forensic Investigator's Guide to Virtual Environments
Diane Barrett, Greg Kipper
August 2010
Virtualization and Forensics: A Digital Forensic Investigator's Guide to Virtual Environments
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.27 MB),  PDF (9.07 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 87,   Downloads (Overall): 132,    Citation Count: 0

Virtualized environments are growing quicker than the predicted pace, and according to O'Reilly's computer book market report, they are the second largest computer book topic in terms of sales for 2008 with a growth of 63%. With more companies using ...
384
Policy auditing over incomplete logs: theory, implementation and applications
Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Anupam Datta
October 2011
CCS '11: Proceedings of the 18th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (691.44 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 367,    Citation Count: 15

We present the design, implementation and evaluation of an algorithm that checks audit logs for compliance with privacy and security policies. The algorithm, which we name reduce, addresses two fundamental challenges in compliance checking that arise ...
Keywords: audit, formal logic, incomplete logs, privacy policy
385
Role of an auditing and reporting service in compliance management
J. Ramanathan, R. J. Cohen, E. Plassmann, K. Ramamoorthy
April 2007
IBM Systems Journal , Volume 46 Issue 2
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Regulatory compliance has become a major focus in today's business environment as companies adapt to comply with regulations such as Sarbanes-Oxley, Basel II, and HIPAA (the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act). Runtime audit data that ...
386
The computing ontology: application in education
Lillian N. Cassel, Gordon Davies, William Fone, Anneke Hacquebard, John Impagliazzo, Richard LeBlanc, Joyce Currie Little, Andrew McGettrick, Michela Pedrona
December 2007
ITiCSE-WGR '07: Working group reports on ITiCSE on Innovation and technology in computer science education
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.02 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 661,    Citation Count: 8

Working Group 3 at ITiCSE 2007 continued the ongoing work of the Ontology of Computing project. The working group brought several new people into the project and addressed areas of the ontology of particular interest to these participants. In particular, ...

Keywords: computing classification, computing ontology, history, social issues, visualization

Also published in:
December 2007 SIGCSE Bulletin Volume 39 Issue 4
387
Exemplifying Attack Identification and Analysis in a Novel Forensically Viable Syslog Model
Steena Dominica Steven Monteiro, Robert F. Erbacher
May 2008
SADFE '08: Proceedings of the 2008 Third International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 1,    Citation Count: 1

This research builds on our method for validating syslog entries proposed in [5]. The goal of the proposed method is to allow syslog files to be forensically viable. The goal with this phase of the work is to implement the proposed method and evaluate ...

Keywords: Digital Forensics, Syslog Authentication, Forensic Validity
388
Interfacing collaboration and command tools for crises management military command and control systems
Tapio Saarelainen, Jorma Jormakka
January 2010
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Available collaboration tools concentrate on uncontrolled information distribution. They represent situational awareness (SA) tools for the cooperating entities, not the required solution for traceable and sophisticated command and control tools ...
389
Delegating secure logging in pervasive computing systems
Rafael Accorsi, Adolf Hohl
April 2006
SPC'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Security in Pervasive Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Logging is a central service in computing systems. It lays the foundation for accountability and audit services in computing systems, as well as for other accessory services. While providing logging services in traditional computing systems is a relatively ...
390
S2Logger: End-to-End Data Tracking Mechanism for Cloud Data Provenance
Chun Hui Suen, Ryan K. L. Ko, Yu Shyang Tan, Peter Jagadpramana, Bu Sung Lee
July 2013
TRUSTCOM '13: Proceedings of the 2013 12th IEEE International Conference on Trust, Security and Privacy in Computing and Communications
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The inability to effectively track data in cloud computing environments is becoming one of the top concerns for cloud stakeholders. This inability is due to two main reasons. Firstly, the lack of data tracking tools built for clouds. Secondly, current ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Cloud data provenance, data tracking, file tracking, data tracing, cloud computing security, accountability in cloud computing, cloud computing transparency, S2Logger
391
Privacy through Accountability: A Computer Science Perspective
Anupam Datta
February 2014
ICDCIT 2014: Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Internet Technology - Volume 8337 , Volume 8337
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy has become a significant concern in modern society as personal information about individuals is increasingly collected, used, and shared, often using digital technologies, by a wide range of organizations. To mitigate privacy concerns, organizations ...
392
Privacy in mobile technology for personal healthcare
Sasikanth Avancha, Amit Baxi, David Kotz
November 2012
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 45 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (398.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 91,   Downloads (12 Months): 1162,   Downloads (Overall): 3602,    Citation Count: 9

Information technology can improve the quality, efficiency, and cost of healthcare. In this survey, we examine the privacy requirements of mobile computing technologies that have the potential to transform healthcare. Such mHealth technology enables ...
Keywords: HIPAA, Privacy framework, e-health, electronic health record, home healthcare, mHealth, medicine, mobile healthcare, personal health record
393
Computer security
Carl E. Landwehr
August 2001
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A strong factor in the early development of computers was security --- the computations that motivated their development, such as decrypting intercepted messages, generating gunnery tables, and developing weapons, had military applications. But the computers ...
Keywords: Key words: Computer security --- Vulnerability --- Security principles --- Security policy --- Security mechanisms
394
Supporting dynamically changing authorizations in pervasive communication systems
Adam J. Lee, Jodie P. Boyer, Chris Drexelius, Prasad Naldurg, Raquel L. Hill, Roy H. Campbell
April 2005
SPC'05: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Security in Pervasive Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In pervasive computing environments, changes in context may trigger changes in an individual's access permissions. We contend that existing access control frameworks do not provide the fine-grained revocation needed to enforce these changing authorizations. ...
395
Privacy policies of personal health records: an evaluation of their effectiveness in protecting patient information
Lorenzo Martino, Suchit Ahuja
November 2010
IHI '10: Proceedings of the 1st ACM International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (619.87 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 124,   Downloads (Overall): 709,    Citation Count: 7

In recent years, there has been growing demand by patients for access to their own health information via tools like Personal Health Records [1]. The Markle Foundation [2] defines the Personal Health Record (PHR) as an electronic application through ...
Keywords: compliance, patient privacy, personal health record, privacy notification & controls, privacy policy, security & privacy
396
Information systems resources and information security
Kuo-Chung Chang, Chih-Ping Wang
September 2011
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Recent studies suggest that the number of information security incidents has increased dramatically and has caused significant economic loss worldwide. Awareness of the significance of information security is evidenced by a rapid increase in information ...
Keywords: IS resources, Information availability, Information confidentiality, Information integrity, Information security
397
Replayable voting machine audit logs
Arel Cordero, David Wagner
July 2008
EVT'08: Proceedings of the conference on Electronic voting technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Audit logs are an important tool for post-election investigations, in the event of an election dispute or problem. We propose a new approach to logging that is designed to provide a record of all interactions between each voter and the voting machine. ...
398
Establishing regulatory compliance for information system requirements: an experience report from the health care domain
Alberto Siena, Giampaolo Armellin, Gianluca Mameli, John Mylopoulos, Anna Perini, Angelo Susi
November 2010
ER'10: Proceedings of the 29th international conference on Conceptual modeling
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Adherence to laws and regulations imposes important constraints on organizations, for legacy and new systems, both for their design and operation. Nòmos is a framework that supports the development of compliant software systems. In this paper, we ...
399
Mobile Malware Attacks and Defense
Ken Dunham
October 2008
Mobile Malware Attacks and Defense
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.12 MB),  PDF (11.49 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 25,   Downloads (12 Months): 111,   Downloads (Overall): 410,    Citation Count: 5

Malware has gone mobile, and the security landscape is changing quickly with emerging attacks on cell phones, PDAs, and other mobile devices. This first book on the growing threat covers a wide range of malware targeting operating systems like Symbian ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Handheld Computing, Macintosh, Security, Viruses
400
Sharing ephemeral information in online social networks: privacy perceptions and behaviours
Bernardo Reynolds, Jayant Venkatanathan, Jorge Gonçalves, Vassilis Kostakos
September 2011
INTERACT'11: Proceedings of the 13th IFIP TC 13 international conference on Human-computer interaction - Volume Part III , Volume Part III
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

This paper presents a study where the online Facebook practices of a sample of users (n=103) was analysed over a period of two years, via the scraping of data in Facebook and the collection of questionnaire data. The data allows for a contrast between ...
Keywords: privacy, sharing, social media
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  20   21   22   23   24    next    >>
401
Embedding Hercule Poirot in networks: addressing inefficiencies in digital forensic investigations
Barbara Endicott-Popovsky, Deborah A. Frincke
July 2007
FAC'07: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Foundations of augmented cognition
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Forensic investigations on networks are not scalable in terms of time and money [1]. Those investigations that do occur consume months of attention from the very experts who should be investing in more productive activities, like designing and improving ...

Keywords: augmented cognition, computer crime, digital forensics, network forensics
402
A critical review of 7 years of Mobile Device Forensics
Konstantia Barmpatsalou, Dimitrios Damopoulos, Georgios Kambourakis, Vasilios Katos
December 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Mobile Device Forensics (MF) is an interdisciplinary field consisting of techniques applied to a wide range of computing devices, including smartphones and satellite navigation systems. Over the last few years, a significant amount of research has been ...
Keywords: Forensic acquisition, Mobile Device Forensics, Mobile OS, Security, Smartphone
403
Towards end-to-end privacy control in the outsourcing of marketing activities: a web service integration solution
Patrick C. K. Hung, Dickson K. W. Chiu, W. W. Fung, William K. Cheung, Raymond Wong, Samuel P. M. Choi, Eleanna Kafeza, James Kwok, Jousha C. C. Pun, Vivying S. Y. Cheng
August 2005
ICEC '05: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Electronic commerce
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (438.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 1331,    Citation Count: 0

With the recent adoption of marketing activities outsourcing, there have been increasing demands and concerns for privacy control. The traditional approach of a bulk transmission of the customers' information to a marketing company cannot meet such demands, ...
Keywords: EPAL, OWL, SOAP, UDDI, WSDL, Web service integration, need-to-know principle, privacy policies
404
Information security incident management: Current practice as reported in the literature
Inger Anne Tøndel, Maria B. Line, Martin Gilje Jaatun
September 2014
Computers and Security , Volume 45
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper reports results of a systematic literature review on current practice and experiences with incident management, covering a wide variety of organisations. Identified practices are summarised according to the incident management phases of ISO/IEC ...
Keywords: ISO/IEC 27035, Incident management, Incident response, Information security, Systematic review
405
A survey of platforms for mobile networks research
Earl Oliver
February 2009
SIGMOBILE Mobile Computing and Communications Review , Volume 12 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (73.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 95,   Downloads (Overall): 2612,    Citation Count: 12

The use of smartphones is growing at an unprecedented rate and is projected to soon pass laptops as consumers' mobile platform of choice. The proliferation of these devices has created new opportunities for mobile researchers; however, when faced with ...
406
Cataloging and comparing logging mechanism specifications for electronic health record systems
Jason King, Laurie Williams
August 2013
HealthTech'13: Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX conference on Safety, Security, Privacy and Interoperability of Health Information Technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Electronic health record (EHR) systems must log all transactions with protected health information (PHI) to deter unauthorized behavior and prevent users from denying that they created, read, updated, or deleted PHI. However, a plethora of standardization ...
407
Mean Failure Cost as a Measurable Value and Evidence of Cybersecurity: E-Learning Case Study
Neila Rjaibi, Latifa Ben Arfa Rabai, Anis Ben Aissa, Ali Mili
July 2013
International Journal of Secure Software Engineering , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Addressing Cybersecurity within e-Learning systems becomes empowered to make online information more secure. Certain competences need to be identified as necessary skills to manage security online such the ability to assess sources and architectural ...
Keywords: Critical Security Requirements, Cyber Security Metrics, E-Learning, Information Security, Mean Failure Cost, Risk Management, Security Measures, Threats Analysis
408
Report on an Arctic summer DTN trial
Stephen Farrell, Alex Mcmahon, Eoin Meehan, Stefan Weber, Kerry Hartnett
July 2011
Wireless Networks , Volume 17 Issue 5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: PDF (1.44 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 95,    Citation Count:

Delay- and disruption-tolerant networking (DTN) is an emerging area of networking research that will benefit from real-world trials and testbeds. We describe a week long DTN trial carried out during the summer of 2009 in the Laponia area of Northern ...
Keywords: DTN, DTN testbed, Delay tolerant networking
409
Private resource pairing
Joseph A. Calandrino, Alfred C. Weaver
June 2006
PET'06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Protection of information confidentiality can result in obstruction of legitimate access to necessary resources. This paper explores the problem of pairing resource requestors and providers such that neither must sacrifice privacy. While solutions to ...
410
New payload attribution methods for network forensic investigations
Miroslav Ponec, Paul Giura, Joel Wein, Hervé Brönnimann
February 2010
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.26 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 783,    Citation Count: 1

Payload attribution can be an important element in network forensics. Given a history of packet transmissions and an excerpt of a possible packet payload, a payload attribution system (PAS) makes it feasible to identify the sources, destinations, and ...

Keywords: Bloom filter, network forensics, payload attribution
411
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
May 2014
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (15.37 MB),  PDF (59.47 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 42,   Downloads (12 Months): 152,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ...
412
Finding the Evidence in Tamper-Evident Logs
Daniel Sandler, Kyle Derr, Scott Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
May 2008
SADFE '08: Proceedings of the 2008 Third International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Secure logs are powerful tools for building systems that must resist forgery, prove temporal relationships, and stand up to forensic scrutiny. The proofs of order and integrity encoded in these tamper-evident chronological records, typically built using ...

Keywords: tamper evidence, secure logs, hash chaining, predicate logic, query processing
413
Intrusion detection using the chi-square goodness-of-fit test for information assurance, network, forensics and software security
Rohitha Goonatilake, Ajantha Herath, Suvineetha Herath, Susantha Herath, Jayantha Herath
October 2007
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 23 Issue 1
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: PDF (211.85 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 779,    Citation Count: 2

This paper describes a course module developed to help computer security students understand a use of the X2-, chi-square, goodness-of-fit test to detect possible intrusions. Detecting intrusions not only provides feedback to help design, ...
414
Keypad: an auditing file system for theft-prone devices
Roxana Geambasu, John P. John, Steven D. Gribble, Tadayoshi Kohno, Henry M. Levy
April 2011
EuroSys '11: Proceedings of the sixth conference on Computer systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (961.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 473,    Citation Count: 16

This paper presents Keypad, an auditing file system for theft-prone devices, such as laptops and USB sticks. Keypad provides two important properties. First, Keypad supports fine-grained file auditing: a user can obtain explicit evidence that ...
Keywords: auditing, file system, keypad, theft-prone
415
A case study of enterprise identity management system adoption in an insurance organization
Pooya Jaferian, David Botta, Kirstie Hawkey, Konstantin Beznosov
November 2009
CHiMiT '09: Proceedings of the Symposium on Computer Human Interaction for the Management of Information Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (698.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 155,   Downloads (Overall): 1166,    Citation Count:

This case study describes the adoption of an enterprise identity management(IdM) system in an insurance organization. We describe the state of the organization before deploying the IdM system, and point out the challenges in its IdM practices. We describe ...

Keywords: case study, identity management, organizational factors, qualitative research, security tools
416
Usability evaluation methods for the web: A systematic mapping study
Adrian Fernandez, Emilio Insfran, Silvia Abrahão
August 2011
Information and Software Technology , Volume 53 Issue 8
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Context: In recent years, many usability evaluation methods (UEMs) have been employed to evaluate Web applications. However, many of these applications still do not meet most customers' usability expectations and many companies have folded as a result ...
Keywords: Systematic mapping, Usability evaluation methods, Web development
417
Pseudonymizing Unix Log Files
Ulrich Flegel
October 2002
InfraSec '02: Proceedings of the International Conference on Infrastructure Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Unix systems in many cases record personal data in log files. We present tools that help in practice to retrofit privacy protection into existing Unix audit systems. Our tools are based on an approach to pseudonymizing Unix log files while balancing ...
418
BAF and FI-BAF: Efficient and Publicly Verifiable Cryptographic Schemes for Secure Logging in Resource-Constrained Systems
Attila A. Yavuz, Peng Ning, Michael K. Reiter
July 2012
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (290.47 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 409,    Citation Count:

Audit logs are an integral part of modern computer systems due to their forensic value. Protecting audit logs on a physically unprotected machine in hostile environments is a challenging task, especially in the presence of active adversaries. It is critical ...
Keywords: Applied cryptography, digital signature, forward security, secure audit logging, signature aggregation
419
Medical data security model for early intervention support system based on HIPAA
Eko Supriyanto, Haikal Satria, Tan Kean Siong
May 2010
TELE-INFO'10: Proceedings of the 9th WSEAS international conference on Telecommunications and informatics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Early Intervention Support System for Special Children (ELISSA) is an effective tool to improve the special children developmental ability. As the system stores sensitive personal data such as children medical data, it is crucial to have an adequate ...
Keywords: AES, ELISSA, HIPAA, USB dongle, medical data, security model
420
Foundational Security Principles for Medical Application Platforms
Eugene Y. Vasserman, John Hatcliff
August 2013
WISA 2013: Revised Selected Papers of the 14th International Workshop on Information Security Applications - Volume 8267 , Volume 8267
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a preliminary set of security requirements for safe and secure next-generation medical systems, consisting of dynamically composable units, tied together through a real-time safety-critical middleware. We note that this requirement set is ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  21   22   23   24   25    next    >>
421
IMAD: in-execution malware analysis and detection
Syed Bilal Mehdi, Ajay Kumar Tanwani, Muddassar Farooq
July 2009
GECCO '09: Proceedings of the 11th Annual conference on Genetic and evolutionary computation
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (476.09 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 417,    Citation Count: 6

The sophistication of computer malware is becoming a serious threat to the information technology infrastructure, which is the backbone of modern e-commerce systems. We, therefore, advocate the need for developing sophisticated, efficient, and accurate ...

Keywords: classification, malware, system call
422
Structured and Interoperable Logging for the Cloud Computing Era: The Pitfalls and Benefits
Daniel Tovarnák, Andrea Vašeková, Svatopluk Novák, Tomáš Pitner
December 2013
UCC '13: Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE/ACM 6th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (367.14 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 0

Computer logs represent a valuable source of monitoring information being typically the only mechanism for gaining visibility into the behavior of monitored resources. However, even in modern cloud data centers the majority of logs is produced in an ...
Keywords: monitoring, logging, cloud
423
Show preview: Infosecurity Europe 2007 New Product Launches
March 2007
Infosecurity , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Infosecurity Europe is the event where new products are launched, here is a brief glimpse of what you can see at the show.
424
Analysis of firewall policy rules using traffic mining techniques
Muhammad Abedin, Syeda Nessa, Latifur Khan, Ehab Al-Shaer, Mamoun Awad
April 2010
International Journal of Internet Protocol Technology , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The firewall is usually the first line of defence in ensuring network security. However, the management of manually configured firewall rules has proven to be complex, error-prone and costly for large networks. Even with error-free rules, presence ...
Keywords: firewall implementation validation, firewall log analysis, firewall rule analysis, firewall rule anomaly detection, firewalls, internet protocol, network security, network traffic mining
425
No Code Required: Giving Users Tools to Transform the Web
Allen Cypher, Mira Dontcheva, Tessa Lau, Jeffrey Nichols
April 2010
No Code Required: Giving Users Tools to Transform the Web
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (9.73 MB),  PDF (37.85 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 163,   Downloads (Overall): 695,    Citation Count: 8

Revolutionary tools are emerging from research labs that enable all computer users to customize and automate their use of the Web without learning how to program. No Code Required takes cutting edge material from academic and industry leaders ...
426
Feature: VOIP the latest security concern: DoS attack the greatest threat
Philip Hunter
November 2002
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The wall that has divided voice and data is at last being torn down within both enterprise and public carrier networks, yielding massive savings in overall communication costs. Converged networks reduce the total management overhead and also allow enterprises ...
427
CloudSafetyNet: Detecting Data Leakage between Cloud Tenants
Christian Priebe, Divya Muthukumaran, Dan O' Keeffe, David Eyers, Brian Shand, Ruediger Kapitza, Peter Pietzuch
November 2014
CCSW '14: Proceedings of the 6th edition of the ACM Workshop on Cloud Computing Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (623.92 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 179,   Downloads (Overall): 179,    Citation Count: 0

When tenants deploy applications under the control of third-party cloud providers, they must trust the provider's security mechanisms for inter-tenant isolation, resource sharing and access control. Despite a provider's best efforts, accidental data ...
Keywords: cloud, data leakage detection, inter-tenant isolation, socket-level monitoring
428
Evaluating grid portal security
David Del Vecchio, Victor Hazlewood, Marty Humphrey
November 2006
SC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM/IEEE conference on Supercomputing
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Html (2.21 KB),  PDF (156.69 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 778,    Citation Count: 4

Grid portals are an increasingly popular mechanism for creating customizable, Web-based interfaces to Grid services and resources. Due to the powerful, general-purpose nature of Grid technology, the security of any portal or entry point to such resources ...
429
Security in data networks
S. E. Forrester
January 1998
BT Technology Journal , Volume 16 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The explosive growth of data networks and their commercial application is driving the need for improved security. This paper aims to raise awareness of the features of secure data networks and the role that encryption plays in this context. An overview ...
430
How to Cheat at Administering Office Communications Server 2007
Anthony Piltzecker
January 2008
How to Cheat at Administering Office Communications Server 2007
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (26.15 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 66,    Citation Count: 0

The perfect reference for the multitasked admin tasked with mastering a major new product release.Communicator 2007 is is a unified communications client (UCC) that provides users with the means to use voice, video, email, instant messaging ...
Keywords: Networking, Windows
431
A Privacy-Protecting Business-Analytics Service for On-Line Transactions
Bettina Berendt, SöRen Preibusch, Maximilian Teltzrow
April 2008
International Journal of Electronic Commerce , Volume 12 Issue 3
Publisher: M. E. Sharpe, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Analysis of consumer-related and consumer-generated data is a very important way to measure the success of on-line retailing. The software packages for data analysis have two major shortcomings: (1) solutions are not offered as a service reachable by ...

Keywords: Data Mining, Electronic Business, P3p, Privacy, Web Analytics
432
Privacy policies compliance across digital identity management systems
Anna C. Squicciarini, Alexei Czeskis, Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel
November 2008
SPRINGL '08: Proceedings of the SIGSPATIAL ACM GIS 2008 International Workshop on Security and Privacy in GIS and LBS
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (508.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 435,    Citation Count:

An emerging approach for protecting identities of individuals, while at the same time enhancing user convenience, is represented by federated identity management systems. In this paper we develop an approach to support privacy controlled sharing ...

Keywords: digital identity, privacy, tracing
433
Automated recognition of event scenarios for digital forensics
Jonathon Abbott, Jim Bell, Andrew Clark, Olivier De Vel, George Mohay
April 2006
SAC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (342.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 812,    Citation Count: 2

The authors have previously developed the ECF (Event Correlation for Forensics) framework for scenario matching in the forensic investigation of activity manifested in digital transactional logs. ECF incorporated a suite of log parsers to reduce event ...
Keywords: computer forensics, event correlation, events, heterogeneous event logs, logs
434
Preemptive intrusion detection: theoretical framework and real-world measurements
Phuong Cao, Eric Badger, Zbigniew Kalbarczyk, Ravishankar Iyer, Adam Slagell
April 2015
HotSoS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (700.04 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 53,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents a Factor Graph based framework called AttackTagger for highly accurate and preemptive detection of attacks, i.e., before the system misuse. We use security logs on real incidents that occurred over a six-year period at the National ...
435
Log monitors in BSD UNIX
Brett Glass
February 2002
BSDC'02: Proceedings of the BSD Conference 2002 on BSD Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A log monitor is a process, or daemon, which monitors log messages produced by a computer system and the programs which run on it. A properly designed log monitor can recognize unusual activity (or inactivity), alert an administrator to problems, gather ...
436
Browser-based attacks on Tor
Timothy G. Abbott, Katherine J. Lai, Michael R. Lieberman, Eric C. Price
June 2007
PET'07: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Privacy enhancing technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

This paper describes a new attack on the anonymity of web browsing with Tor. The attack tricks a user's web browser into sending a distinctive signal over the Tor network that can be detected using traffic analysis. It is delivered by a malicious exit ...
437
The role of suspicion in model-based intrusion detection
Timothy Hollebeek, Rand Waltzman
September 2004
NSPW '04: Proceedings of the 2004 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (116.29 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 4,   Downloads (Overall): 897,    Citation Count: 1

We argue in favor of the explicit inclusion of suspicion as a concrete concept to be used in the analysis of audit data in order to guide the search for evidence of misuse. Our approach is similar to that of a human forensic analyst, who first notices ...
438
Security of virtual entities
Adina Uta, Ion Ivan, Marius Popa, Cristian Ciurea, Mihai Doinea
June 2014
CompSysTech '14: Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Computer Systems and Technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (264.15 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 18,    Citation Count: 0

The concepts of basic virtual entity and derived virtual entity are presented. Their quality characteristics are defined in the context of multiple accessing by heterogeneous target group members. The development conditions of derived entities are established. ...
Keywords: basic entities, derived entities, multi-access, security, security metric, target group, virtual environment
439
Web log analysis: a review of a decade of studies about information acquisition, inspection and interpretation of user interaction
Maristella Agosti, Franco Crivellari, Giorgio Maria Di Nunzio
May 2012
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 24 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the last decade, the importance of analyzing information management systems logs has grown, because log data constitute a relevant aspect in evaluating the quality of such systems. A review of 10 years of research on log analysis is presented in this ...
Keywords: Query log, Search log, User study, Web log
440
Secure logging and auditing in electronic health records systems: what can we learn from the payment card industry
Jason King, Laurie Williams
August 2012
HealthSec'12: Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX conference on Health Security and Privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  22   23   24   25   26    next    >>
441
Intruders versus intrusiveness: teens' and parents' perspectives on home-entryway surveillance
Blase Ur, Jaeyeon Jung, Stuart Schechter
September 2014
UbiComp '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (283.82 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 65,   Downloads (12 Months): 622,   Downloads (Overall): 622,    Citation Count: 0

We investigated how household deployment of Internet-connected locks and security cameras could impact teenagers' privacy. In interviews with 13 teenagers and 11 parents, we investigated reactions to audit logs of family members' comings and goings. ...
Keywords: audit mechanisms, domestic technologies, internet of things (IoT), monitoring, parents, privacy, smart homes, teenagers
442
The service availability forum security service (SEC): status and future directions
Peter Badovinatz, Santosh Balakrishnan, Makan Pourzandi, Manfred Reitenspiess, Chad Tindel
May 2006
ISAS'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Service Availability
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Service Availability Forum is specifying high availability interfaces for carrier grade applications. Along with the direct support for applications an implementation of these interfaces implies that it can itself be highly available. To ensure this ...
Keywords: SA forum system security, carrier class systems, clusters, middleware security, service availability forum
443
Penetrating encrypted evidence
Hank Wolfe
June 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
444
User centricity: A taxonomy and open issues
Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel, Jan Camenisch, Thomas Gross, Dieter Sommer
October 2007
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 15 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

User centricity is a significant concept in federated identity management (FIM), as it provides for stronger user control and privacy. However, several notions of user-centricity in the FIM community render its semantics unclear and hamper future research ...

Keywords: Identity management, privacy, security
445
Experiences building PlanetLab
Larry Peterson, Andy Bavier, Marc E. Fiuczynski, Steve Muir
November 2006
OSDI '06: Proceedings of the 7th symposium on Operating systems design and implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: PDF (532.73 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 433,    Citation Count: 17

This paper reports our experiences building PlanetLab over the last four years. It identifies the requirements that shaped PlanetLab, explains the design decisions that resulted from resolving conflicts among these requirements, and reports our experience ...
446
Log analysis and event correlation using variable temporal event correlator (VTEC)
Paul Krizak
November 2010
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

System administrators have utilized log analysis for decades to monitor and automate their environments. As compute environments grow, and the scope and volume of the logs increase, it becomes more difficult to get timely, useful data and appropriate ...
447
Compliance with data protection laws using hippocratic database active enforcement and auditing
C. M. Johnson, T. W. A. Grandison
April 2007
IBM Systems Journal , Volume 46 Issue 2
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Governments worldwide are enacting data protection laws that restrict the disclosure and processing of personal information. These laws impose administrative and financial burdens on companies that manage personal information and may hinder the legitimate ...
448
Using personal portfolios to manage customer data
Aimilia Tasidou, Pavlos S. Efraimidis
September 2011
DPM'11: Proceedings of the 6th international conference, and 4th international conference on Data Privacy Management and Autonomous Spontaneus Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Transactions today are conducted in a way that leaves no real option to the customers to protect their privacy. Sensitive private information is left uncontrolled at the companies' disposal and is often (un)intentionally leaked to unauthorized parties. ...
Keywords: economics of privacy, personal data management, privacy enhancing technologies
449
The Basics of Cloud Computing: Understanding the Fundamentals of Cloud Computing in Theory and Practice
Derrick Rountree, Ileana Castrillo
September 2013
The Basics of Cloud Computing: Understanding the Fundamentals of Cloud Computing in Theory and Practice
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.95 MB),  PDF (8.48 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 137,   Downloads (12 Months): 270,   Downloads (Overall): 270,    Citation Count: 0

As part of the Syngress Basics series, The Basics of Cloud Computing provides readers with an overview of the cloud and how to implement cloud computing in their organizations. Cloud computing continues to grow in popularity, and while many people ...
450
Cyber Warfare: Techniques, Tactics and Tools for Security Practitioners, 1st edition
Jason Andress, Steve Winterfeld
July 2011
Cyber Warfare: Techniques, Tactics and Tools for Security Practitioners, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.71 MB),  PDF (5.65 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 187,   Downloads (Overall): 269,    Citation Count: 0

Cyber Warfare explores the battlefields, participants and the tools and techniques used during today's digital conflicts. The concepts discussed in this book will give those involved in information security at all levels a better idea of how cyber ...
451
A taxonomy of software types to facilitate search and evidence-based software engineering
Andrew Forward, Timothy C. Lethbridge
October 2008
CASCON '08: Proceedings of the 2008 conference of the center for advanced studies on collaborative research: meeting of minds
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (266.03 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 630,    Citation Count: 2

Empirical software research could be improved if there was a systematic way to identify the types of software for which empirical evidence applies. This is because results are unlikely to be globally applicable, but are more likely to apply only in certain ...
452
Integrating web mining and neural network for personalized e-commerce automatic service
Pao-Hua Chou, Pi-Hsiang Li, Kuang-Ku Chen, Menq-Jiun Wu
April 2010
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 4
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Electronic commerce (EC) has become a trend in the world nowadays. However, most researches neglect a fundamental issue - the user's product-specific knowledge on which the useful intelligent systems are based. This research employs the user's product-specific ...

Keywords: Automatic service, Data mining, Electronic commerce, Neural network
453
Virtualization: Issues, security threats, and solutions
Michael Pearce, Sherali Zeadally, Ray Hunt
February 2013
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 45 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (790.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 95,   Downloads (12 Months): 1251,   Downloads (Overall): 4470,    Citation Count: 2

Although system virtualization is not a new paradigm, the way in which it is used in modern system architectures provides a powerful platform for system building, the advantages of which have only been realized in recent years, as a result of the rapid ...
Keywords: Encryption, threat, virtual machine, virtual machine monitor, virtualization
454
Behavioural biometrics: a survey and classification
Roman V. Yampolskiy, Venu Govindaraju
June 2008
International Journal of Biometrics , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

This study is a survey and classification of the state-of-the-art in behavioural biometrics which is based on skills, style, preference, knowledge, motor-skills or strategy used by people while accomplishing different everyday tasks such ...

Keywords: behavioural biometrics, features, human behaviour, motor skills, privacy, user verification
455
NStreamAware: real-time visual analytics for data streams to enhance situational awareness
Fabian Fischer, Daniel A. Keim
November 2014
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mpeg (323810:18 MIN),  PDF (1.64 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 168,   Downloads (Overall): 168,    Citation Count: 0

The analysis of data streams is important in many security-related domains to gain situational awareness. To provide monitoring and visual analysis of such data streams, we propose a system, called NStreamAware, that uses modern distributed processing ...
Keywords: data streams, network security, real-time processing, situational awareness, visual analytics
456
Hviz
March 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue S1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

HTTP and HTTPS traffic recorded at the perimeter of an organization is an exhaustive data source for the forensic investigation of security incidents. However, due to the nested nature of today's Web page structures, it is a huge manual effort to tell ...
457
Requirements and design for an extensible toolkit for analyzing EMR audit logs
Eric Duffy, Steve Nyemba, Carl A. Gunter, David Liebovitz, Bradley Malin
August 2013
HealthTech'13: Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX conference on Safety, Security, Privacy and Interoperability of Health Information Technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Over the past decade, various regulations have been proposed and promulgated to support the auditing of accesses to Electronic Medical Record (EMRs). Current tools to support this process can improve their use of statistical and machine learning techniques ...
458
Consistency analysis of authorization hook placement in the Linux security modules framework
Trent Jaeger, Antony Edwards, Xiaolan Zhang
May 2004
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (394.54 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 1362,    Citation Count: 11

We present a consistency analysis approach to assist the Linux community in verifying the correctness of authorization hook placement in the Linux Security Modules (LSM) framework. The LSM framework consists of a set of authorization hooks inserted into ...

Keywords: access control models, authorization mechanisms, role-based access control
459
Automated computer forensics training in a virtualized environment
Stephen Brueckner, David Guaspari, Frank Adelstein, Joseph Weeks
September 2008
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The CYber DEfenSe Trainer (CYDEST) is a virtualized training platform for network defense and computer forensics. It uses virtual machines to provide tactical level exercises for personnel such as network administrators, first responders, and digital ...
Keywords: Automated assessment, Automated evaluation, Computer training, Digital forensic training, Virtualized training
460
The Role of Context in Cognitive Systems
James Neel, Peter Cook, Neal Mellen, Ihsan Akbar, Daniel Devasirvatham, Charles Sheehe, Bob Schutz
March 2015
Journal of Signal Processing Systems , Volume 78 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Keywords: Big RF, Cognitive Radio, Context, WISDM
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  23   24   25   26   27    next    >>
461
On anonymizing query logs via token-based hashing
Ravi Kumar, Jasmine Novak, Bo Pang, Andrew Tomkins
May 2007
WWW '07: Proceedings of the 16th international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (327.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 420,    Citation Count: 33

In this paper we study the privacy preservation properties of aspecific technique for query log anonymization: token-based hashing. In this approach, each query is tokenized, and then a secure hash function is applied to each token. We show that statistical ...
Keywords: hash-based anonymization, privacy, query logs
462
LIPS: a lightweight permit system for packet source origin accountability
Yingfei Dong, Changho Choi, Zhi-Li Zhang
December 2006
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 50 Issue 18
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of key security issues on the current Internet is unwanted traffic, the forerunner of unauthorized accesses, scans, and attacks. It is vitally important but extremely challenging to fight such unwanted traffic. We need a series of defensive mechanisms ...

Keywords: IP spoofing, network security, packet authentication, unwanted traffic
463
SP 800-27 Rev. A. Engineering Principles for Information Technology Security (A Baseline for Achieving Security), Revision A
Gary Stoneburner, Clark Hayden, Alexis Feringa
June 2004
SP 800-27 Rev. A. Engineering Principles for Information Technology Security (A Baseline for Achieving Security), Revision A
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (572.97 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 174,   Downloads (Overall): 221,    Citation Count: 4

The Engineering Principles for Information Technology (IT) Security (EP-ITS) presents a list of system-level security principles to be considered in the design, development, and operation of an information system. This document is to be used by IT security ...
Keywords: Computer security, IT security, engineering principles, security baseline
464
Online workflow management and performance analysis with stampede
Dan Gunter, Ewa Deelman, Taghrid Samak, Christopher H. Brooks, Monte Goode, Gideon Juve, Gaurang Mehta, Priscilla Moraes, Fabio Silva, Martin Swany, Karan Vahi
October 2011
CNSM '11: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Network and Services Management
Publisher: International Federation for Information Processing
Full text available: PDF (1.49 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count:

Scientific workflows are an enabler of complex scientific analyses. They provide both a portable representation and a foundation upon which results can be validated and shared. Large-scale scientific workflows are executed on equally complex parallel ...
465
Learning relational policies from electronic health record access logs
Bradley Malin, Steve Nyemba, John Paulett
April 2011
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 44 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Modern healthcare organizations (HCOs) are composed of complex dynamic teams to ensure clinical operations are executed in a quick and competent manner. At the same time, the fluid nature of such environments hinders administrators' efforts to define ...
Keywords: Access logs, Auditing, Electronic health records, Knowledge discovery, Organizational behavior
466
Security analysis of the diebold AccuVote-TS voting machine
Ariel J. Feldman, J. Alex Halderman, Edward W. Felten
August 2007
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 24

This paper presents a fully independent security study of a Diebold AccuVote-TS voting machine, including its hardware and software. We obtained the machine from a private party. Analysis of the machine, in light of real election procedures, shows that ...
467
UTM Security with Fortinet: Mastering FortiOS
Kenneth Tam, Martín H. Hoz Salvador, Ken McAlpine, Rick Basile, Bruce Matsugu, Josh More
December 2012
UTM Security with Fortinet: Mastering FortiOS
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.98 MB),  PDF (16.32 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 64,    Citation Count: 0

Traditionally, network security (firewalls to block unauthorized users, Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS)¿to keep attackers out, Web filters to avoid misuse of Internet browsing, and antivirus software to block malicious programs) required separate ...
468
Criminal computer forensics management
Ray Yeager
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (87.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 2449,    Citation Count: 1

This research paper addresses the methodology and approaches to managing criminal computer forensic investigations in a law enforcement environment with management controls, operational controls, and technical controls. Management controls cover policy ...
Keywords: criminal computer forensics, criminal computer forensics management, forensic evidence, quality assurance, standard operating procedures
469
The impact of Microsoft Windows pool allocation strategies on memory forensics
Andreas Schuster
September 2008
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

An image of a computer's physical memory can provide a forensic examiner with a wealth of information. A small area of system memory, the nonpaged pool, contains lots of information about currently and formerly active processes. As this paper shows, ...
Keywords: Microsoft Windows, Pool memory, Process Persistence, Volatile data
470
Analyzing log analysis: an empirical study of user log mining
S. Alspaugh, Beidi Chen, Jessica Lin, Archana Ganapathi, Marti A. Hearst, Randy Katz
November 2014
LISA'14: Proceedings of the 28th USENIX conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We present an in-depth study of over 200K log analysis queries from Splunk, a platform for data analytics. Using these queries, we quantitatively describe log analysis behavior to inform the design of analysis tools. This study includes state machine ...
Keywords: Splunk, log analysis, query logs, user modeling, user surveys
471
Flexible and Secure Logging of Grid Data Access
Weide Zhang, David Vecchio, Glenn Wasson, Marty Humphrey
September 2006
GRID '06: Proceedings of the 7th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (136.87 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count:

In Grid collaborations, scientists use middleware to execute computational experiments, visualize results, and securely share data on resources ranging from desktop machines to supercomputers. While there has been significant effort in authentication ...
472
Compliance by design - Bridging the chasm between auditors and IT architects
Klaus Julisch, Christophe Suter, Thomas Woitalla, Olaf Zimmermann
September 2011
Computers and Security , Volume 30 Issue 6-7
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

System and process auditors assure - from an information processing perspective - the correctness and integrity of the data that is aggregated in a company's financial statements. To do so, they assess whether a company's business processes and information ...
Keywords: Business processes, CAVR, Compliance, Enterprise applications, Information systems audit, Patterns, Security architecture, Service-oriented architecture
473
Virtualization security
Edward Ray, Eugene Schultz
April 2009
CSIIRW '09: Proceedings of the 5th Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research: Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Challenges and Strategies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (813.83 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 178,   Downloads (Overall): 2252,    Citation Count:

Many organization fail to take into account the security of virtual servers, which can result in potential loss of data from internal and external threats. Virtualization has now become commonplace throughout the world; however few if any organizations ...
474
User centricity: a taxonomy and open issues
Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel, Jan Camenisch, Thomas Gross, Dieter Sommer
November 2006
DIM '06: Proceedings of the second ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (128.75 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 1163,    Citation Count: 12

User centricity is a significant concept in federated identity management (FIM), as it provides for stronger user control and privacy. However, several notions of user-centricity in the FIM community render its semantics unclear and hamper future research ...
Keywords: delegation, identity management systems, privacy, security, taxonomy, user centric, user control
475
Privacy-preserving audit for broker-based health information exchange
Se Eun Oh, Ji Young Chun, Limin Jia, Deepak Garg, Carl A. Gunter, Anupam Datta
March 2014
CODASPY '14: Proceedings of the 4th ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (651.97 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 56,   Downloads (Overall): 85,    Citation Count: 0

Developments in health information technology have encouraged the establishment of distributed systems known as Health Information Exchanges (HIEs) to enable the sharing of patient records between institutions. In many cases, the parties running these ...
Keywords: audit, formal logic, health information technology, hierarchical identity based encryption
476
A tale of two CTs: IP packets rejected by a firewall
George Corser
October 2012
InfoSecCD '12: Proceedings of the 2012 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (156.90 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 56,    Citation Count:

Two distinct curve tendencies (CTs) characterize the flow of IP packets rejected by a firewall from specific source IP addresses. One flow model appears relatively flat and steady over time. The other manifests as a single sharp spike. This study examines ...
Keywords: firewall log analysis, spreadsheets, visualization
477
Extending UNIX System Logging with SHARP
Matthew Bing, Carl Erickson
December 2000
LISA '00: Proceedings of the 14th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

System messages in a UNIX system are handled by syslog. The responsibilities of syslog are to filter and disperse program generated messages based on a priority code contained in each message. Filtering with priority codes is not sufficient to generate ...
478
Access Control: Policies, Models, and Mechanisms
Pierangela Samarati, Sabrina De Capitani di Vimercati
September 2000
FOSAD '00: Revised versions of lectures given during the IFIP WG 1.7 International School on Foundations of Security Analysis and Design on Foundations of Security Analysis and Design: Tutorial Lectures
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 106

Access control is the process of mediating every request to resources and data maintained by a system and determining whether the request should be granted or denied. The access control decision is enforced by a mechanism implementing regulations established ...
479
Indexing information for data forensics
Michael T. Goodrich, Mikhail J. Atallah, Roberto Tamassia
June 2005
ACNS'05: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Applied Cryptography and Network Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

We introduce novel techniques for organizing the indexing structures of how data is stored so that alterations from an original version can be detected and the changed values specifically identified. We give forensic constructions for several fundamental ...
Keywords: combinatorial group testing, data forensics, data integrity, data marking, data structures, information hiding, tamper detection
480
Infringo ergo sum: when will software engineering support infringements?
Fabio Massacci
November 2010
FoSER '10: Proceedings of the FSE/SDP workshop on Future of software engineering research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (448.70 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 124,    Citation Count: 1

Once upon a time a professor of computing and a father was complaining at a radiology ward. A CD with the X-rays of his son's chest had garbled images. Unfortunately, the CD burning process has been outsourced and, in compliance with e-health security ...
Keywords: access control, human factors, infringement management, requirements, security, socio-technical systems
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  24   25   26   27   28    next    >>
481
Anomalous network communication detection system by visual pattern on a client computer
Hayate Goto, Tetsuji Takada
April 2015
SAC '15: Proceedings of the 30th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.87 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this study, we propose a visual anomaly detection system for network connections on a client computer. End users are exposed to security threats and they remain vulnerable to unknown emerging threats because current tools such as antivirus software ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, information visualization, log analysis, malware, network traffic, security measure, system administration, visual analysis
482
Event sequence mining to develop profiles for computer forensic investigation purposes
Tamas Abraham
January 2006
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (189.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 1040,    Citation Count: 3

Developing profiles to describe user or system behaviour is a useful technique employed in Computer Forensic investigations. Information found in data obtained by investigators can often be used to establish a view of regular usage patterns which can ...
Keywords: computer forensics, data mining, event sequences
483
GIST: a model for design and management of content and interactivity of customer-centric web sites
Terri C. Albert, Paulo B. Goes, Alok Gupta
June 2004
MIS Quarterly , Volume 28 Issue 2
Publisher: Society for Information Management and The Management Information Systems Research Center
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 21

Customer-centric Web-based systems, such as e-commerce Web sites, or sites that support customer relationship management (CRM) activities, are themselves information systems, but their design and maintenance need to follow vastly different approaches ...
Keywords: customer segmentation, personalization, web site analysis and design
484
Towards standards in digital forensics education
Peter Cooper, Gail T. Finley, Petteri Kaskenpalo
June 2010
ITiCSE-WGR '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ITiCSE working group reports
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.18 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 410,    Citation Count:

Digital Forensics is an emerging discipline within the computing sciences that exhibits both commonalities and uniquenesses with other computing disciplines. This paper seeks to delineate the domain space of Digital Forensics through an evaluation of ...
Keywords: computing professions, curriculum, digital forensics
485
Testing the security vulnerabilities of OpenEMR 4.1.1: a case study
Francis Akowuah, Jerrisa Lake, Xiaohong Yuan, Emmanuel Nuakoh, Huiming Yu
January 2015
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 30 Issue 3
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: PDF (101.55 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 106,   Downloads (Overall): 106,    Citation Count: 0

OpenEMR is a widely used open source electronic medical record system. Since it is used for storing and transmitting sensitive health information, the security posture of the system is of great concern. This paper reports our findings of vulnerabilities ...
486
Management and Diagnosis Architecture for a Large-Scale Public WLAN
Seongkwan Kim, Se-kyu Park, Sunghyun Choi, Jaehwan Lee, Hanwook Jung
June 2006
WOWMOM '06: Proceedings of the 2006 International Symposium on on World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (466.91 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count: 0

In Korea, a large-scale IEEE 802.11b-based public wireless LAN (WLAN) service, called NESPOT, has been in operation by Korea Telecom (KT) across the country during the last four years. Along with a fast growth of the service, however, the service quality ...
487
Simulation of human behaviours for the validation of Ambient Intelligence services: A methodological approach
Teresa Garcia-Valverde, Francisco Campuzano, Emilio Serrano, Ana Villa, Juan A. Botia
August 2012
Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

An Ambient Intelligence (AmI) system is a pervasive system in which services have some intelligence in order to smoothly interact with users immersed in the environment. Users are the main entity in AmI systems. Thus, the services are user-centred with ...
Keywords: Ambient Intelligent, ambient assisted living, behaviour simulation, user modelling
488
Public IT service strategy for social information security in the intelligence all-things environment
Jinho Yoo, Hangbae Chang
November 2014
Electronic Commerce Research , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the area of public information service, information leakage through an insider is occurring frequently in recent. Considering the difficulty in tracking security breach incidents upon using cutting-edge technology instead of technology-centered security ...
Keywords: Individual information security, Information service strategy, Intelligence all-things environment, Public information service
489
Design of a temporal geosocial semantic web for military stabilization and reconstruction operations
Bhavani Thuraisingham, Latifur Khan, Murat Kantarcioglu, Vaibhav Khadilkar
June 2009
CSI-KDD '09: Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on CyberSecurity and Intelligence Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.08 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 216,    Citation Count:

The United States and its Allied Forces have had tremendous success in combat operations. This includes combat in Germany, Japan and more recently in Iraq and Afghanistan. However not all of our stabilization and reconstruction operations (SARO) have ...

Keywords: SARO, SAROL
490
SP 800-94. Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS)
Karen A. Scarfone, Peter M. Mell
February 2007
SP 800-94. Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.05 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 132,   Downloads (Overall): 281,    Citation Count: 17

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) developed this document in furtherance of its statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. This publication seeks to assist ...
Keywords: FISMA, intrusion detection, intrusion detection and prevention, intrusion prevention
491
An Experimental Evaluation of Data Confidentiality Measures on the Cloud
Hussain Aljafer, Zaki Malik, Mohammed Alodib, Abdelmounaam Rezgui
September 2014
MEDES '14: Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Management of Emergent Digital EcoSystems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (8.46 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 73,   Downloads (Overall): 73,    Citation Count: 0

Due to the many advantages offered by the cloud computing paradigm, it is fast becoming an enabling technology for many organizations, and even individual users. Flexibility and availability are two of the most important features that promote the wide ...
Keywords: Cloud, Encryption, Security
492
Securing the Smart Grid: Next Generation Power Grid Security
Tony Flick, Justin Morehouse
October 2010
Securing the Smart Grid: Next Generation Power Grid Security
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.94 MB),  PDF (7.30 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 1

"The first step in securing the Smart Grid is to fully understand the threat landscape. This book provides both a timely and relevant overview of the subject - a must-read for anyone responsible for securing the grid as well as consumers looking to implement ...
493
NetReview: detecting when interdomain routing goes wrong
Andreas Haeberlen, Ioannis Avramopoulos, Jennifer Rexford, Peter Druschel
April 2009
NSDI'09: Proceedings of the 6th USENIX symposium on Networked systems design and implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 12

Despite many attempts to fix it, the Internet's interdomain routing system remains vulnerable to configuration errors, buggy software, flaky equipment, protocol oscillation, and intentional attacks. Unlike most existing solutions that prevent specific ...
494
OSS-TMM: Guidelines for Improving the Testing Process of Open Source Software
Sandro Morasca, Davide Taibi, Davide Tosi
April 2011
International Journal of Open Source Software and Processes , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Open Source Software OSS products do not usually follow traditional software engineering development paradigms. Specifically, testing activities in OSS development may be quite different from those carried out in Closed Source Software CSS development. ...
Keywords: Open Source Software OSS Quality, Survey, Testing Process, Testing Quality Assessment, Trustworthiness
495
Preventing history forgery with secure provenance
Ragib Hasan, Radu Sion, Marianne Winslett
December 2009
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (998.65 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 67,   Downloads (Overall): 713,    Citation Count: 12

As increasing amounts of valuable information are produced and persist digitally, the ability to determine the origin of data becomes important. In science, medicine, commerce, and government, data provenance tracking is essential for rights protection, ...

Keywords: audit, confidentiality, integrity, lineage, provenance, security
496
Managed Code Rootkits: Hooking into Runtime Environments, 1st edition
Erez Metula
November 2010
Managed Code Rootkits: Hooking into Runtime Environments, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.74 MB),  PDF (17.20 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 22,   Downloads (12 Months): 70,   Downloads (Overall): 93,    Citation Count: 0

Imagine being able to change the languages for the applicationsthat a computer is running and taking control over it. That is exactly what managed code rootkits can do when they are placed within a computer. This new type of rootkit is hiding in a place ...
497
SP 800-21 Second edition. Guideline for Implementing Cryptography in the Federal Government
Elaine B. Barker, William C. Barker, Annabelle Lee
December 2005
SP 800-21 Second edition. Guideline for Implementing Cryptography in the Federal Government
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (673.01 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 23,    Citation Count: 1

This Second Edition of NIST Special Publication (SP) 800-21, updates and replaces the November 1999 edition of Guideline for Implementing Cryptography in the Federal Government. Many of the references and cryptographic techniques contained in the first ...
Keywords: Cryptographic algorithm, cryptographic hash function, cryptographic key, cryptographic module, digital signature, key establishment, key management, message authentication code
498
Detecting hostile accesses to a web site using a visualization method based on probabilistic clustering
Naoko Hirose, Einoshin Suzuki
August 2005
SMO'05: Proceedings of the 5th WSEAS international conference on Simulation, modelling and optimization
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we propose a visualization method based on probabilistic clustering in order to detect hostile accesses to a Web site. A system administrator is required to monitor a huge amount of access log data in order to detect novel types of hostile ...
Keywords: EM algorithm, Hue allocation, fraud detection, prototypelines, visualization, web log analysis
499
Required information release
Stephen Chong
November 2012
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 20 Issue 6
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Many computer systems have a functional requirement to release information. Such requirements are an important part of a system's information security requirements. Current information-flow control techniques are able to reason about permitted information ...
Keywords: Algorithmic Knowledge, Declassification, Information Flow, Information Release
500
PUBCRAWL: protecting users and businesses from CRAWLers
Gregoire Jacob, Engin Kirda, Christopher Kruegel, Giovanni Vigna
August 2012
Security'12: Proceedings of the 21st USENIX conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Web crawlers are automated tools that browse the web to retrieve and analyze information. Although crawlers are useful tools that help users to find content on the web, they may also be malicious. Unfortunately, unauthorized (malicious) crawlers are ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  25   26   27   28   29    next    >>
501
Security for software engineering education
Michael Lehrfeld, Martin Barrett, Suzanne Smith
December 2013
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 29 Issue 2
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: PDF (58.77 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 112,    Citation Count: 0

Software engineering students need the ability to identify security concerns and then be able to design and build solutions that implement those security requirements. Similarly, security students would benefit from knowledge of standard software engineering ...
502
On Using a Warehouse to Analyze Web Logs
Karuna P. Joshi, Anupam Joshi, Yelena Yesha
March 2003
Distributed and Parallel Databases , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Analyzing Web Logs for usage and access trends can not only provide important information to web site developers and administrators, but also help in creating adaptive web sites. While there are many existing tools that generate fixed reports from web ...

Keywords: adaptive websites, data warehouse, e-commerce, web logs, web mining
503
Payoff based IDS evaluation
Michael Collins
August 2009
CSET'09: Proceedings of the 2nd conference on Cyber security experimentation and test
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IDS are regularly evaluated by comparing their false positive and false negative rates on ROC curves. However, this mechanism generally ignores both the context within which the IDS operates and the attacker's own ability to adapt to IDS behavior. In ...
504
A formal framework for specifying and analyzing logs as electronic evidence
Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Daniel Le Métayer
November 2010
SBMF'10: Proceedings of the 13th Brazilian conference on Formal methods: foundations and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The issues of logging for determining liability requires to define, prior to a dispute, the logging system and the log analysis in a manner that would determine the parties liable for a predetermined misbehavior of the system. We propose a formal framework ...
505
Cloud forensics
Ameer Pichan, Mihai Lazarescu, Sie Teng Soh
June 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 13 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is arguably one of the most significant advances in information technology (IT) services today. Several cloud service providers (CSPs) have offered services that have produced various transformative changes in computing activities and ...
Keywords: Amazon EC2, Cloud computing, Cloud customer, Cloud forensics, Cloud service provider, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Service level agreement
506
Fay: extensible distributed tracing from kernels to clusters
Úlfar Erlingsson, Marcus Peinado, Simon Peter, Mihai Budiu
October 2011
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (875.31 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 256,    Citation Count: 9

Fay is a flexible platform for the efficient collection, processing, and analysis of software execution traces. Fay provides dynamic tracing through use of runtime instrumentation and distributed aggregation within machines and across clusters. At the ...
507
Patterns for content-dependent and context-enhanced authorization
Eduardo B. Fernández, A. Raúl Monge, René Carvajal, Oscar Encina, Juan Hernández, Paulina Silva
July 2014
EuroPLoP '14: Proceedings of the 19th European Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (862.45 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 8,    Citation Count: 0

We have written patterns for authorization that define access at the item (resource, data) level. However, in many cases we need to have a further level of granularity. For that purpose, we present here a pattern for Content-dependent authorization that ...
Keywords: access control, database security, security patterns
508
I know what the BOTs did yesterday: full action sequence analysis using Naïve Bayesian algorithm
Jina Lee, Jiyoun Lim, Wonjun Cho, Huy Kang Kim
December 2013
NetGames '13: Proceedings of Annual Workshop on Network and Systems Support for Games
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (503.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 39,    Citation Count: 0

A game BOT is a major threat in the online game industry. There have been many efforts to distinguish game BOT users from normal users. Several studies have proposed BOT detection models based on the analysis of users' in-game action sequence data. These ...
Keywords: BOT detection, Naïve Bayesian classifier, online game security, sequence data
509
Efficient audit-based compliance for relational data retention
Ragib Hasan, Marianne Winslett
March 2011
ASIACCS '11: Proceedings of the 6th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (530.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count:

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act inspired research on long-term high-integrity retention of business records, leveraging the immutability guarantees that WORM storage servers offer for files. In this paper, we present the transaction log on WORM (TLOW) ...
Keywords: audit, forensics, regulatory compliance
510
Events: ACSAC 2001 review
Rachel Ecclestone
January 2001
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
511
A posteriori compliance control
Sandro Etalle, William H. Winsborough
June 2007
SACMAT '07: Proceedings of the 12th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (288.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 457,    Citation Count: 13

While preventative policy enforcement mechanisms can provide theoretical guarantees that policy is correctly enforced, they have limitations in practice. They are inflexible when unanticipated circumstances arise, and most are either inflexible with ...
Keywords: access control, policy enforcement, trust management
512
SP 800-77. Guide to IPsec VPNs
Sheila E. Frankel, Karen Kent, Ryan Lewkowski, Angela D. Orebaugh, Ronald W. Ritchey, Steven R. Sharma
December 2005
SP 800-77. Guide to IPsec VPNs
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (3.33 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 62,    Citation Count: 0

IPsec is a framework of open standards for ensuring private communications over public networks. It has become the most common network layer security control, typically used to create a virtual private network (VPN). A VPN is a virtual network, built ...
Keywords: IPsec, VPN, network security, virtual private network
513
Implementing Trust in Cloud Infrastructures
Ricardo Neisse, Dominik Holling, Alexander Pretschner
May 2011
CCGRID '11: Proceedings of the 2011 11th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (271.51 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 115,    Citation Count: 8

Today's cloud computing infrastructures usually require customers who transfer data into the cloud to trust the providers of the cloud infrastructure. Not every customer is willing to grant this trust without justification. It should be possible to detect ...
Keywords: trust, cloud computing, trusted computing, runtime integrity checking
514
Using Security Logs for Collecting and Reporting Technical Security Metrics
Risto Vaarandi, Mauno Pihelgas
October 2014
MILCOM '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE Military Communications Conference
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

During recent years, establishing proper metrics for measuring system security has received increasing attention. Security logs contain vast amounts of information which are essential for creating many security metrics. Unfortunately, security logs are ...
Keywords: security metrics, security log analysis
515
A design and implementation of a web server log file analyzer
Yu-Hsin Cheng, Chien-Hung Huang
January 2008
WSEAS Transactions on Information Science and Applications , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

More and more enterprises use network to communicate with the suppliers or the customers, and also in receiving order forms, data transmission, produces goods, stock warehousing in all enterprise management procedure, carry on to the e-movement and enterprise ...

Keywords: configuration interface subsystem, illegal information detection subsystem, log file, report delivery subsystem, web server, website analysis
516
A survey of peer-to-peer security issues
Dan S. Wallach
November 2002
ISSS'02: Proceedings of the 2002 Mext-NSF-JSPS international conference on Software security: theories and systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 49

Peer-to-peer (p2p) networking technologies have gained popularity as a mechanism for users to share files without the need for centralized servers. A p2p network provides a scalable and fault-tolerant mechanism to locate nodes anywhere on a network without ...
517
Internet Web servers: workload characterization and performance implications
Martin F. Arlitt, Carey L. Williamson
October 1997
IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (TON) , Volume 5 Issue 5
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (216.86 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 98,   Downloads (Overall): 1842,    Citation Count: 180

Keywords: World-Wide Web, caching, performance evaluation, workload characterization
518
Security and performance in service-oriented applications: Trading off competing objectives
Hangjung Zo, Derek L. Nazareth, Hemant K. Jain
December 2010
Decision Support Systems , Volume 50 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As service-oriented computing becomes more prevalent, an increasing number of applications will be developed using existing software components with standard interfaces. These components may be developed in-house, may represent purchased software, or ...
Keywords: Application composition, Multiple criteria decision making, Performance, Security, Service-oriented computing
519
Privacy-enhanced web personalization
Alfred Kobsa
January 2007
The adaptive web
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 34

Consumer studies demonstrate that online users value personalized content. At the same time, providing personalization on websites seems quite profitable for web vendors. This win-win situation is however marred by privacy concerns since personalizing ...
520
A survey on security issues and solutions at different layers of Cloud computing
Chirag Modi, Dhiren Patel, Bhavesh Borisaniya, Avi Patel, Muttukrishnan Rajarajan
February 2013
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 63 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Cloud computing offers scalable on-demand services to consumers with greater flexibility and lesser infrastructure investment. Since Cloud services are delivered using classical network protocols and formats over the Internet, implicit vulnerabilities ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Privacy, Security, Virtualization, Vulnerabilities
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  26   27   28   29   30    next    >>
521
Forensic data recovery from the Windows Search Database
Howard Chivers, Christopher Hargreaves
April 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 7 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Windows Search maintains a single database of the files, emails, programmes and Internet history of all the users of a personal computer, providing a potentially valuable source of information for a forensic investigator, especially since some information ...
Keywords: Carving, Database, Desktop search, Digital forensics, Microsoft windows
522
Privacy models and languages: obligation policies
Marco Casassa Mont
January 2011
Digital privacy
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
523
Real life challenges in access-control management
Lujo Bauer, Lorrie Faith Cranor, Robert W. Reeder, Michael K. Reiter, Kami Vaniea
April 2009
CHI '09: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mp3 (184941:42 MIN),  Mp4 (2542594:52 MIN),  PDF (625.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 1142,    Citation Count: 12

In this work we ask the question: what are the challenges of managing a physical or file system access-control policy for a large organization? To answer the question, we conducted a series of interviews with thirteen administrators who manage access-control ...
Keywords: access control, policy creation
524
Privacy and the public educator
Melissa Dark, Clewin McPherson
July 2007
Proceedings of the 2007 conference on Human interface: Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As of 2003, 99% of K-12 schools in the United States use the Internet. With the increased use of databases and other technologies to manage data in K-12 institutions, an inherent threat to the privacy and confidentiality of that information has also ...

Keywords: privacy perceptions, privacy practices, privacy risk, public education
525
UCONLEGAL: a usage control model for HIPAA
Ramya Gopalan, Annie Antón, Jon Doyle
January 2012
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (609.57 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 160,    Citation Count:

Developing an access control system that satisfies the requirements expressed in regulations, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), can help ensure regulatory compliance in software systems. A usage control model that ...
Keywords: access control, electronic health records, hipaa-compliance, legal compliance, personal health information, regulatory compliance, software requirements, usage control
526
Facilitating Biodefense Research with Mobile-Cloud Computing
Jingyu Zhang, Jinhui Yao, Shiping Chen, David Levy
July 2011
International Journal of Systems and Service-Oriented Engineering , Volume 2 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper proposes the use of a mobile-cloud by combining mobile devices and the cloud together in a biodefense and emerging infectious diseases BEI research application scenario. A mobile-cloud framework is developed to facilitate the use of mobile ...
Keywords: Accountability, Biodefense, Cloud Computing, Mobile Computing, Workflow
527
Interacting with social networks of intelligent things and people in the world of gastronomy
Luca Console, Fabrizio Antonelli, Giulia Biamino, Francesca Carmagnola, Federica Cena, Elisa Chiabrando, Vincenzo Cuciti, Matteo Demichelis, Franco Fassio, Fabrizio Franceschi, Roberto Furnari, Cristina Gena, Marina Geymonat, Piercarlo Grimaldi, Pierluige Grillo, Silvia Likavec, Ilaria Lombardi, Dario Mana, Alessandro Marcengo, Michele Mioli, Mario Mirabelli, Monica Perrero, Claudia Picardi, Federica Protti, Amon Rapp, Rossana Simeoni, Daniele Theseider Dupré, Ilaria Torre, Andrea Toso, Fabio Torta, Fabiana Vernero
April 2013
Transactions on Interactive Intelligent Systems (TiiS) , Volume 3 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (866.83 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 134,   Downloads (Overall): 376,    Citation Count: 2

This article introduces a framework for creating rich augmented environments based on a social web of intelligent things and people. We target outdoor environments, aiming to transform a region into a smart environment that can share its cultural heritage ...
Keywords: Social web of things, gastronomy, mobile intelligent applications, playful interaction, preserving cultural heritage and keeping it alive, real-world testing, smart objects, social intelligence, social networking
528
Refereed Papers: Information Systems Audit Trails in Legal Proceedings as Evidence
Caroline Allinson
July 2001
Computers and Security , Volume 20 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Australian State and Commonwealth Governments are interested in the collection, storage and presentation of audit trail information, particularly within a legal framework. Law enforcement agencies have a legal obligation to keep audit records of all ...
Keywords: audit trails, computer, court, evidence, information security, investigation, expert witness, law enforcement, policy, survey
529
Adaptive Web SitesA Knowledge Extraction from Web Data Approach
Juan D. Velásquez, Vasile Palade
June 2008
Proceeding of the 2008 conference on Adaptive Web Sites: A Knowledge Extraction from Web Data Approach
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1
530
Generation of human computational models with knowledge engineering
Francisco Campuzano, Teresa Garcia-Valverde, Emilio Serrano, Juan A. Botía
October 2014
Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence , Volume 35
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Ambient Intelligence (AmI) paradigm envisions systems whose central entity is the user. AmI integrates technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, implicit Human Computer Interaction, and Ubiquitous Services. Each capability of AmI systems is oriented ...
Keywords: Agent-based social simulation, Ambient intelligence systems engineering, Computational models of humans, Knowledge acquisition, Smart environments fast prototyping and testing
531
Tools for worm experimentation on the DETER testbed
Songjie Wei, Alefiya Hussain, Jelena Mirkovic, Calvin Ko
July 2010
International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Worm experimentation is challenging for researchers today because of the lack of standardised tools to simulate and emulate worm spreads in a realistic setting. We have developed two tools for the DETER testbed to aid in worm experimentation: the ...
Keywords: LANs, communication networks, distributed systems, emulation, internet worms, local area networks, malware, network testbeds, simulation, worm defence, worm experimentation, worm propagation, worm spread
532
Survey A model-based survey of alert correlation techniques
Saeed Salah, Gabriel Maciá-FernáNdez, JesúS E. DíAz-Verdejo
April 2013
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 57 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

As telecommunication networks evolve rapidly in terms of scalability, complexity, and heterogeneity, the efficiency of fault localization procedures and the accuracy in the detection of anomalous behaviors are becoming important factors that largely ...
Keywords: Alert correlation, Fault localization, Intrusion detection systems, Network management systems, SCADA systems
533
An architecture for cross-cloud auditing
Rui Xie, Rose Gamble
January 2013
CSIIRW '13: Proceedings of the Eighth Annual Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research Workshop
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (494.17 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count: 0

Auditing message exchange in a cloud involves logging interactions between services that are dynamically composed to satisfy a client's request to the cloud. Additional cloud management services are needed to facilitate audit record capture of events ...
Keywords: architecture, audit, cloud, security
534
A review of GENI authentication and access control mechanisms
Zhifeng Xiao, Bo Fu, Yang Xiao, C.L. Philip Chen, Wei Liang
July 2013
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 8 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The purpose of this paper is to investigate the authentication and access control mechanisms for Global Environment Network Innovation GENI. First, we will deliver an extensive survey of the existing authentication and access control techniques in general. ...
535
The Impact of Standards in Web Services Security
Pauline Ratnasingam
April 2014
International Journal of Wireless Networks and Broadband Technologies , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet has provided an avenue for businesses to adopt web services. Web services promises scalability, agility, cost reduction, profitability and availability thereby meeting instant gratification needs of web users'. It refers to modular Internet-based ...
Keywords: SOAP, Security, Standards, UDDI, WSCI, WSDL, WSFL, Web Services, XML
536
Tiered fault tolerance for long-term integrity
Byung-Gon Chun, Petros Maniatis, Scott Shenker, John Kubiatowicz
February 2009
FAST '09: Proccedings of the 7th conference on File and storage technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Fault-tolerant services typically make assumptions about the type and maximum number of faults that they can tolerate while providing their correctness guarantees; when such a fault threshold is violated, correctness is lost. We revisit the notion of ...
537
Authenticating operation-based history in collaborative systems
Hien Thi Thu Truong, Claudia-Lavinia Ignat, Pascal Molli
October 2012
GROUP '12: Proceedings of the 17th ACM international conference on Supporting group work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (770.24 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 104,    Citation Count: 0

Within last years multi-synchronous collaborative editing systems became widely used. Multi-synchronous collaboration maintains multiple, simultaneous streams of activity which continually diverge and synchronized. These streams of activity are represented ...
Keywords: authenticating logs, authenticators, logs, multi-synchronous collaboration, operation-based history, optimistic replication
538
TrustLogin: Securing Password-Login on Commodity Operating Systems
Fengwei Zhang, Kevin Leach, Haining Wang, Angelos Stavrou
April 2015
ASIA CCS '15: Proceedings of the 10th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.25 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 52,    Citation Count: 0

With the increasing prevalence of Web 2.0 and cloud computing, password-based logins play an increasingly important role on user-end systems. We use passwords to authenticate ourselves to countless applications and services. However, login credentials ...
Keywords: keyloggers, login password, system management mode
539
Development of Information Security Baselines for Healthcare Information Systems in New Zealand
Lech Janczewski, Frank Xinli Shi
March 2002
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In 1996 New Zealand had introduced security standard AS/NZCS 4444 based on the British Standard BS 7799, which has recently been accepted as an international standard ISO 17799. This standard is very often referred to as the 'baseline lane approach' ...
Keywords: electronic medical records, healthcare information systems, information privacy, information security baselines, security model
540
Audit mechanisms for privacy protection in healthcare environments
Jeremiah Blocki, Nicolas Christin, Anupam Datta, Arunesh Sinha
August 2011
HealthSec'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Health security and privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We take the position that audit mechanisms are essential for privacy protection in healthcare environments. Although audits are used in practice and commercial tools that provide assistance for audits are emerging, we currently lack rigorous models and ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  27   28   29   30   31    next    >>
541
A Visualizable Evidence-Driven Approach for Authorship Attribution
Steven H. H. Ding, Benjamin C. M. Fung, Mourad Debbabi
March 2015
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 17 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.49 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 34,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 144,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet provides an ideal anonymous channel for concealing computer-mediated malicious activities, as the network-based origins of critical electronic textual evidence (e.g., emails, blogs, forum posts, chat logs, etc.) can be easily repudiated. ...
Keywords: Authorship attribution, computational linguistics, cyber forensics, text mining
542
NetHost-sensor: Monitoring a target host's application via system calls
A. A. Abimbola, J. M. Munoz, W. J. Buchanan
January 2006
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 11 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Intrusion detection has emerged as an important approach to network, host and application security. Network security includes analysing network packet payload and other inert network packet profiles for intrusive trends; whereas, host security may employ ...

Keywords: Application security, Dynamic link libraries, Host, Intrusion detection, Network, System calls
543
Audit-Based Access Control for Electronic Health Records
M. A. C. Dekker, S. Etalle
February 2007
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science (ENTCS) , Volume 168
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Traditional access control mechanisms aim to prevent illegal actions a-priori occurrence, i.e. before granting a request for a document. There are scenarios however where the security decision can not be made on the fly. For these settings we developed ...

Keywords: Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems, accountability, audit, distributed access control
544
Paranoid penguin: syslog configuration
Mick Bauer
December 2001
Linux Journal , Volume 2001 Issue 92
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: Html (21.45 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 386,    Citation Count:
545
Risk assessment of production networks using honeynets – some practical experience
Stephan Riebach, Erwin P. Rathgeb, Birger Toedtmann
April 2005
ISPEC'05: Proceedings of the First international conference on Information Security Practice and Experience
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Threats for today's production networks range from fully automated worms and viruses to targeted, highly sophisticated multi-phase attacks carried out manually. In order to properly define and dimension appropriate security architectures and policies ...
546
Principles and requirements for a secure e-voting system
Dimitris A Gritzalis
October 2002
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Electronic voting (e-voting) is considered a means to further enhance and strengthen the democratic processes in modern information societies. E-voting should first comply with the existing legal and regulatory framework. Moreover, e-voting should be ...
Keywords: Digital divide, Electronic voting, Functional requirements, Rational Unified Process, Secure voting, Use cases
547
Accountability for Service Compliance: A Survey
Shiping Chen, David Levy, Jinhui Yao
January 2012
International Journal of Systems and Service-Oriented Engineering , Volume 3 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In recent years, a range of innovations in the 'service' related technologies have been witnessed, namely SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS. Meanwhile, Service Oriented Architecture SOA enables composing different services seamlessly to form new service network. ...
Keywords: Accountability, Compliance Assurance, Service Oriented Architecture SOA, Survey, Trustworthiness
548
Learning to detect malicious executables in the wild
Jeremy Z. Kolter, Marcus A. Maloof
August 2004
KDD '04: Proceedings of the tenth ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (216.52 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 114,   Downloads (Overall): 1656,    Citation Count: 65

In this paper, we describe the development of a fielded application for detecting malicious executables in the wild. We gathered 1971 benign and 1651 malicious executables and encoded each as a training example using n-grams of byte codes as features. ...

Keywords: concept learning, data mining, malicious software, security
549
Detection of anomalies from user profiles generated from system logs
Malcolm Corney, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
January 2011
AISC '11: Proceedings of the Ninth Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 116 , Volume 116
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (326.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 1

We describe research into the identification of anomalous events and event patterns as manifested in computer system logs. Prototype software has been developed with a capability that identifies anomalous events based on usage patterns or user profiles, ...
Keywords: abstraction, insider misuse, user profiling
550
A comprehensive privacy-aware authorization framework founded on HIPAA privacy rules
Ahmed AL Faresi, Duminda Wijesekera, Khaled Moidu
November 2010
IHI '10: Proceedings of the 1st ACM International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (672.56 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 287,    Citation Count:

Health care entities publish privacy polices that are aligned with government regulations such as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) and promise to use and disclose health data according to the stated policies. However actual ...
Keywords: access control, ehr, hipaa, itepp, phi, privacy policy
551
Feature: Demystifying Intrusion Detection: Sorting through the Confusion, Hyperbole and Misconceptions1
Eugene Schultz
November 2002
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
552
Software security analysis and assessment model for the web-based applications
Y. Wang, W. M. Lively, D. B. Simmons
April 2009
Journal of Computational Methods in Sciences and Engineering , Volume 9 Issue 1,2S2
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

For web-based applications, a security analysis was conducted in order to identify software vulnerabilities and develop a new security assessment model. During such an analysis, the major security vulnerabilities observed in the open web proxy honeypot ...

Keywords: Markov process model, Software security, assessment model, web-based applications
553
Tool review: Network traffic as a source of evidence: tool strengths, weaknesses, and future needs
Eoghan Casey
February 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Digital investigators require specialized knowledge and tools to process network traffic as a source of evidence. Existing open source tools can be used for basic tasks in simple cases but lack the functionality of commercial tools that are specifically ...
Keywords: Computer crime, Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Network investigations, Network traffic
554
Integrity in very large information systems: dealing with information risk black swans
Beat Liver, Helmut Kaufmann
June 2013
CAiSE'13: Proceedings of the 25th international conference on Advanced Information Systems Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Multi-national enterprises, like financial services companies, operate large and critical information systems around the globe on a 24/7 basis. In an information-based business, even a single inadequately designed, implemented, tested and operated business ...
Keywords: business critical systems, data analytics, information risk management, integrity, service-oriented architecture
555
Ninja Hacking: Unconventional Penetration Testing Tactics and Techniques
Thomas Wilhelm, Jason Andress
September 2010
Ninja Hacking: Unconventional Penetration Testing Tactics and Techniques
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.25 MB),  PDF (10.51 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 121,   Downloads (Overall): 182,    Citation Count: 0

Ever thought of using the time-tested tactics and techniques ofthe ancientninja to understand the mind of today's ninja, the hacker? As a penetration tester or security consultant you no doubt perform tests both externally and internally for your clients ...
556
XLRF: A Cross-Layer Intrusion Recovery Framework for Damage Assessment and Recovery Plan Generation
Eunjung Yoon, Peng Liu
November 2013
ICICS 2013: 15th International Conference on Information and Communications Security - Volume 8233 , Volume 8233
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Recovering mission-critical systems from intrusion is very challenging, where fast and accurate damage assessment and recovery is vital to ensure business continuity. Existing intrusion recovery approaches mostly focus on a single abstraction layer. ...
Keywords: cross-layer intrusion recovery, dependency graph, recovery plan, system calls
557
Security risk assessment: toward a comprehensive practical risk management
Danilo Valeros Bernardo
January 2012
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper introduces a unique approach to a more integrated security risk assessment SRA. This is formalised based on the proven mathematical methods described in various articles in the literature and combined with the work developed by the author. ...
558
Advances and challenges in log analysis
Adam Oliner, Archana Ganapathi, Wei Xu
February 2012
Communications of the ACM , Volume 55 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (45.22 KB),  PDF (169.16 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 37,   Downloads (12 Months): 463,   Downloads (Overall): 2031,    Citation Count: 10

Logs contain a wealth of information to help manage systems.
559
Toward a general collection methodology for Android devices
Timothy Vidas, Chengye Zhang, Nicolas Christin
August 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Android platform has been deployed across a wide range of devices, predominately mobile phones, bringing unprecedented common software features to a diverse set of devices independent of carrier and manufacturer. Modern digital forensics processes ...
Keywords: Acquisition, Android framework, Collection, Digital forensics, Mobile devices
560
Designing and Implementing the OP and OP2 Web Browsers
Chris Grier, Shuo Tang, Samuel T. King
May 2011
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.22 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 647,    Citation Count: 6

Current web browsers are plagued with vulnerabilities, providing hackers with easy access to computer systems via browser-based attacks. Browser security efforts that retrofit existing browsers have had limited success because the design of modern browsers ...
Keywords: OP browser, Web browsing, browser plugin, formal verification, security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  28   29   30   31   32    next    >>
561
Business process mining from e-commerce web logs
Nicolas Poggi, Vinod Muthusamy, David Carrera, Rania Khalaf
August 2013
BPM'13: Proceedings of the 11th international conference on Business Process Management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The dynamic nature of the Web and its increasing importance as an economic platform create the need of new methods and tools for business efficiency. Current Web analytic tools do not provide the necessary abstracted view of the underlying customer processes ...
562
Long-term effects of ubiquitous surveillance in the home
Antti Oulasvirta, Aurora Pihlajamaa, Jukka Perkiö, Debarshi Ray, Taneli Vähäkangas, Tero Hasu, Niklas Vainio, Petri Myllymäki
September 2012
UbiComp '12: Proceedings of the 2012 ACM Conference on Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (667.69 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 484,    Citation Count: 3

The Helsinki Privacy Experiment is a study of the long-term effects of ubiquitous surveillance in homes. Ten volunteering households were instrumented with video cameras with microphones, and computer, wireless network, smartphone, TV, DVD, and customer ...
Keywords: longitudinal study, privacy, smartphone logging, ubiquitous surveillance
563
Web Usage Mining: Discovery and Use of AIOU Web Usage Patterns
Moiz Uddin Ahmed, Amjad Mahmood
July 2012
International Journal of Technology Diffusion , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The technological revolutions have opened up new ways of information and communication. The Internet is growing as a vital source of information in this modern era of technology. The ever increasing volume of information through WWW is creating complexity ...
Keywords: Data Preprocessing, Pattern Analysis, Web Mining, Web usage, World Wide Web
564
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Dale Liu
May 2009
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (11.55 MB),  PDF (46.55 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 388,    Citation Count: 1

Cisco IOS (the software that runs the vast majority of Cisco routers and all Cisco network switches) is the dominant routing platform on the Internet and corporate networks. This widespread distribution, as well as its architectural deficiencies, makes ...
Keywords: Networking, Security
565
Beyond one-third faulty replicas in byzantine fault tolerant systems
Jinyuan Li, David Maziéres
April 2007
NSDI'07: Proceedings of the 4th USENIX conference on Networked systems design & implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 25

Byzantine fault tolerant systems behave correctly when no more than f out of 3f + 1 replicas fail. When there are more than f failures, traditional BFT protocols make no guarantees whatsoever. Malicious replicas can make clients ...
566
Simulation Study of Firewalls to Aid Improved Performance
Subrata Acharya, Jia Wang, Zihui Ge, Taieb Znati, Albert Greenberg
April 2006
ANSS '06: Proceedings of the 39th annual Symposium on Simulation
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (394.56 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 880,    Citation Count: 6

The overall performance of a firewall is crucial in enforcing and administrating security, especially when the network is under attack. The continuous growth of the Internet, coupled with the increasing sophistication of the attacks, is placing stringent ...
567
An efficient technique for enhancing forensic capabilities of Ext2 file system
Mridul Sankar Barik, Gaurav Gupta, Shubhro Sinha, Alok Mishra, Chandan Mazumdar
September 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As electronic documents become more important and valuable in the modern era, attempts are invariably made to take undue-advantage by tampering with them. Tampering with the modification, access and creation date and time stamps (MAC DTS) of digital ...
Keywords: Authentic date and time stamps (ADTS), Computer Frauds and Cyber Crimes (CFCC), Electronic documents, Ext2 file system, Loadable Kernel Module (LKM), Modification access and creation, date and time stamps (MAC DTS)
568
Network and System Security
John R. Vacca
March 2010
Network and System Security
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (6.85 MB),  PDF (14.49 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 182,   Downloads (Overall): 248,    Citation Count: 0

Network and System Security provides focused coverage of network and system security technologies. Explores practical solutions to a wide range of network and systems security issues. Chapters are authored by leading experts in the field and address ...
569
Towards an understanding of the impact of advertising on data leaks
Veelasha Moonsamy, Moutaz Alazab, Lynn Batten
March 2012
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Recent investigations have determined that many Android applications in both official and non-official online markets expose details of the user&#39;s mobile phone without user consent. In this paper, for the first time in the research literature, ...
570
T-DRE: a hardware trusted computing base for direct recording electronic vote machines
Roberto Gallo, Henrique Kawakami, Ricardo Dahab, Rafael Azevedo, Saulo Lima, Guido Araujo
December 2010
ACSAC '10: Proceedings of the 26th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (750.10 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 27,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count:

We present a hardware trusted computing base (TCB) aimed at Direct Recording Voting Machines (T-DRE), with novel design features concerning vote privacy, device verifiability, signed-code execution and device resilience. Our proposal is largely compliant ...
571
Intrusion detection: introduction to intrusion detection and security information management
Hervé Debar, Jouni Viinikka
January 2005
Foundations of Security Analysis and Design III
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper covers intrusion detection and security information management technologies. It presents a primer on intrusion detection, focusing on data sources and analysis techniques. Data sources presented therein are classified according to the capture ...
572
Assessing insider threats to information security using technical, behavioural and organisational measures
Kuheli Roy Sarkar
August 2010
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 15 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The UK government took a bruising in the headlines (Sep 2008) after a Home Office contractor lost a USB stick containing unencrypted data on all 84,000 prisoners in England and Wales. As a result, the Home Office terminated the @$1.5 million contract ...
573
B.Y.O.C (1,342 times and counting)
Poul-Henning Kamp
March 2011
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (13.14 KB),  PDF (311.10 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 1065,   Downloads (Overall): 10707,    Citation Count: 0

Why can't we all use standard libraries for commonly needed algorithms?
574
A framework for secure and verifiable logging in public communication networks
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
August 2006
CRITIS'06: Proceedings of the First international conference on Critical Information Infrastructures Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper we are focusing on secure logging for public network providers. We review existing security threat models against system logging and we extend these to a new threat model especially suited in the environment of telecommunication network ...
575
Android Forensics: Investigation, Analysis and Mobile Security for Google Android, 1st edition
Andrew Hoog
July 2011
Android Forensics: Investigation, Analysis and Mobile Security for Google Android, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (23.96 MB),  PDF (37.87 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 165,   Downloads (Overall): 212,    Citation Count: 9

The open source nature of the platform has not only established a new direction for the industry, but enables a developer or forensic analyst to understand the device at the most fundamental level. Android Forensics covers an open source mobile ...
576
A correlation method for establishing provenance of timestamps in digital evidence
Bradley Schatz, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
September 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Establishing the time at which a particular event happened is a fundamental concern when relating cause and effect in any forensic investigation. Reliance on computer generated timestamps for correlating events is complicated by uncertainty as to clock ...
Keywords: Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Event correlation, Reverse engineering, Timestamp interpretation
577
Investigating the appropriateness of social network question asking as a resource for blind users
Erin L. Brady, Yu Zhong, Meredith Ringel Morris, Jeffrey P. Bigham
February 2013
CSCW '13: Proceedings of the 2013 conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (923.13 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 148,   Downloads (Overall): 386,    Citation Count: 13

Recent work has shown the potential of having remote humans answer visual questions that blind users have. On the surface social networking sites (SNSs) offer an attractive free source of human-powered answers that can be personalized to the user. In ...
Keywords: blind users, friendsourcing, q&a, social networks, visual impairment
578
"Out-of-the-Box" monitoring of VM-based high-interaction honeypots
Xuxian Jiang, Xinyuan Wang
September 2007
RAID'07: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 20

Honeypot has been an invaluable tool for the detection and analysis of network-based attacks by either human intruders or automated malware in the wild. The insights obtained by deploying honeypots, especially high-interaction ones, largely rely on the ...
579
SP 800-113. Guide to SSL VPNs
Sheila E. Frankel, Paul Hoffman, Angela D. Orebaugh, Richard Park
July 2008
SP 800-113. Guide to SSL VPNs
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (868.36 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 24,    Citation Count: 0

Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) provide users with secure remote access to an organization's resources. An SSL VPN consists of one or more VPN devices to which users connect using their Web browsers. The traffic between the ...
Keywords: SSL, Secure sockets layer, TLS, VPN, secure remote access, transport layer security, virtual private network
580
Taxonomy and proposed architecture of intrusion detection and prevention systems for cloud computing
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino Júnior
December 2012
CSS'12: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cyberspace Safety and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are deemed largely inefficient to be deployed ...
Keywords: architecture, autonomic techniques, cloud computing, intrusion detection, intrusion prevention, taxonomy
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  29   30   31   32   33    next    >>
581
Virtualizing high-end GPGPUs on ARM clusters for the next generation of high performance cloud computing
Raffaele Montella, Giulio Giunta, Giuliano Laccetti
March 2014
Cluster Computing , Volume 17 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

High performance cloud computing is behind the scene powering "the next big thing" as the mainstream accelerator for innovation in many areas. We describe here how to accelerate inexpensive ARM-based computing nodes with high-end GPGPUs hosted on x86_64 ...
Keywords: ARM, Cloud computing, GPU, HPC, Hybrid, Internet of Things, Virtualization
582
Kernel korner: filesystem labeling in SELinux
James Morris
October 2004
Linux Journal , Volume 2004 Issue 126
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: Html (25.75 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 331,    Citation Count: 3
583
Web robot detection techniques: overview and limitations
Derek Doran, Swapna S. Gokhale
January 2011
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 22 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Most modern Web robots that crawl the Internet to support value-added services and technologies possess sophisticated data collection and analysis capabilities. Some of these robots, however, may be ill-behaved or malicious, and hence, may impose a significant ...
Keywords: WWW, Web Crawler, Web Robot, Web Robot Detection, Web User Classification
584
Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals: Understanding Digital Evidence From The Warrant To The Courtroom, 1st edition
Larry Daniel, Lars Daniel
October 2011
Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals: Understanding Digital Evidence From The Warrant To The Courtroom, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.52 MB),  PDF (13.84 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 60,   Downloads (Overall): 100,    Citation Count: 0

Digital Forensics for Legal Professionals provides you with a guide to digital technology forensics in plain English. In the authors' years of experience in working with attorneys as digital forensics experts, common questions arise again and ...
585
Visual filter: graphical exploration of network security log files
Jan-Erik Stange, Marian Dörk, Johannes Landstorfer, Reto Wettach
November 2014
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.66 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 94,   Downloads (Overall): 94,    Citation Count: 0

Network log files often need to be investigated manually for suspicious activity. The huge amount of log lines complicates maintaining an overview, navigation and quick pattern identification. We propose a system that uses an interactive visualization, ...
Keywords: dynamic querying, exploratory search, human pattern recognition, overview and detail, visual filter
586
Proposing a hybrid-intelligent framework to secure e-government web applications
Asaad Moosa, Eanas Muhsen Alsaffar
December 2008
ICEGOV '08: Proceedings of the 2nd international conference on Theory and practice of electronic governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (343.70 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 545,    Citation Count:

One of the essential needs to implement a successful e-Government web application is security. Web application firewalls (WAF) are the most important tool to secure web applications against the increasing number of web application attacks nowadays. WAFs ...
Keywords: blacklist, e-government, fuzzy logic, negative logic based filtering, neural networks, positive logic based filtering, session based filtering, web application, web application firewalls, whitelist
587
Security Issues in Mobile Agent Applications
O. A. Ojesanmi
October 2010
International Journal of Agent Technologies and Systems , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

An autonomous mobile agent is an executing program that can migrate from machine to machine in a heterogeneous network under its own control. An agent can either follow a pre-assigned path on the network or determine its itinerary based on the data collected ...
Keywords: Autonomous, Computing, Data, High Latency, Mobile Agent, Network, Program, Security
588
Horizon extender: long-term preservation of data leakage evidence in web traffic
David Gugelmann, Dominik Schatzmann, Vincent Lenders
May 2013
ASIA CCS '13: Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGSAC symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (431.53 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 106,    Citation Count: 0

This paper presents Horizon Extender, a system for long-term preservation of data leakage evidence in enterprise networks. In contrast to classical network intrusion detection systems that keep only packet records of suspicious traffic (black-listing), ...
Keywords: aggregation, data leakage, incident investigation, network forensics, network security
589
Curriculum development related to information security policies and procedures
Allyson Mader, S. Srinivasan
September 2005
InfoSecCD '05: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (72.99 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 27,   Downloads (Overall): 1457,    Citation Count: 0

Policies and procedures communicate and control access to information assets and other resources. Developing effective policies and procedures involves understanding the environment within which one is working. They should encompass multiple layers. ...
Keywords: business continuity, disaster recovery, privacy, risk assessment, security policy
590
Cyber-risk decision models: To insure IT or not?
Arunabha Mukhopadhyay, Samir Chatterjee, Debashis Saha, Ambuj Mahanti, Samir K. Sadhukhan
December 2013
Decision Support Systems , Volume 56
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Security breaches adversely impact profit margins, market capitalization and brand image of an organization. Global organizations resort to the use of technological devices to reduce the frequency of a security breach. To minimize the impact of financial ...
Keywords: Bayesian Belief Network, Copula, Cyber-insurance, Cyber-risk, Premium, Security breach, Utility models
591
SP 800-97. Establishing Wireless Robust Security Networks: A Guide to IEEE 802.11i
Sheila E. Frankel, Bernard Eydt, Les Owens, Karen A. Scarfone
February 2007
SP 800-97. Establishing Wireless Robust Security Networks: A Guide to IEEE 802.11i
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (4.00 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 76,    Citation Count: 1

This report provides readers with a detailed explanation of next generation 802.11 wireless security. It describes the inherently flawed Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) and explains 802.11i's two-step approach (interim and long-term)to providing effective ...
Keywords: IEEE 802.11, Wi-Fi, network security, wireless local area network, wireless networking
592
Moving To The Cloud: Developing Apps in the New World of Cloud Computing, 1st edition
Dinkar Sitaram, Geetha Manjunath
December 2011
Moving To The Cloud: Developing Apps in the New World of Cloud Computing, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (7.34 MB),  PDF (14.44 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 137,   Downloads (Overall): 198,    Citation Count: 1

Moving to the Cloud provides an in-depth introduction to cloud computing models, cloud platforms, application development paradigms, concepts and technologies. The authors particularly examine cloud platforms that are in use today. They also describe ...
593
Forensic implications of System Resource Usage Monitor (SRUM) data in Windows 8
Yogesh Khatri
March 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Microsoft Windows 8 operating system has a newly added feature to track system resource usage, specifically process and network metrics over time. Process related information such as process owner, CPU cycles used, data bytes read/written, and network ...
Keywords: Forensics, Process metrics, SRUM, System Resource Usage Monitor, Windows 8
594
User and Device Tracking in Private Networks by Correlating Logs: A System for Responsive Forensic Analysis
Swati Chaudhari, Hitendra Chauhan, S. S. Tomar, Anil Rawat
April 2014
CSNT '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Fourth International Conference on Communication Systems and Network Technologies
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

IP address of a device, from where an offending activity was performed, is of limited value, because it does not specify a physical device/user, but an endpoint in network. It is useful to have information about where a device/user was at the time the ...
Keywords: DHCP, Logs, NAC, data monitoring and analysis tool, email, security logs, squid
595
Auditing a DRE-based election in South Carolina
D. A. Buell, E. Hare, F. Heindel, C. Moore, B. Zia
August 2011
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Following a highly publicized and anomalous outcome in the South Carolina statewide Democratic primary South Carolina in June 2010, the authors undertook to audit the election results based on data obtainable through the Freedom of Information Act. The ...
596
Understanding and protecting privacy: formal semantics and principled audit mechanisms
Anupam Datta, Jeremiah Blocki, Nicolas Christin, Henry DeYoung, Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Dilsun Kaynar, Arunesh Sinha
December 2011
ICISS'11: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Privacy has become a significant concern in modern society as personal information about individuals is increasingly collected, used, and shared, often using digital technologies, by a wide range of organizations. Certain information handling practices ...
597
An integrated computer-aided cognitive task analysis method for tracing cyber-attack analysis processes
Chen Zhong, John Yen, Peng Liu, Rob Erbacher, Renee Etoty, Christopher Garneau
April 2015
HotSoS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.69 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 41,    Citation Count: 0

As cyber-attacks become more sophisticated, cyber-attack analysts are required to process large amounts of network data and to reason under uncertainty with the aim of detecting cyber-attacks. Capturing and studying the fine-grained analysts' cognitive ...
598
An Information Visualization Framework for Intrusion Detection
Anita Komlodi, John R. Goodall, Wayne G. Lutters
April 2004
CHI EA '04: CHI '04 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (48.36 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 739,    Citation Count: 14

Keywords: User studies, design implications, information visualization, interaction design, intrusion detection
599
Hypervisor event logs as a source of consistent virtual machine evidence for forensic cloud investigations
Sean Thorpe, Indrajit Ray, Tyrone Grandison, Abbie Barbir, Robert France
July 2013
DBSec'13: Proceedings of the 27th international conference on Data and Applications Security and Privacy XXVII
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud Computing is an emerging model of computing where users can leverage the computing infrastructure as a service stack or commodity. The security and privacy concerns of this infrastructure arising from the large co-location of tenants are, however, ...
600
Private data management in collaborative environments
Larry Korba, Ronggong Song, George Yee, Andrew S. Patrick, Scott Buffett, Yunli Wang, Liqiang Geng
September 2007
CDVE'07: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cooperative design, visualization, and engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Organizations are under increasing pressures to manage all of the personal data concerning their customers and employees in a responsible manner. With the advancement of information and communication technologies, improved collaboration, and the pressures ...

Keywords: compliance, privacy, social network analysis, workflow
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  30   31   32   33   34    next    >>
601
Strong accountability for network storage
Aydan R. Yumerefendi, Jeffrey S. Chase
October 2007
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (620.65 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 824,    Citation Count: 24

This article presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of CATS, a network storage service with strong accountability properties. CATS offers a simple web services interface that allows clients to read and write opaque objects of variable size. ...

Keywords: Accountable services, accountability, accountable storage
602
Performance analysis of Bayesian networks and neural networks in classification of file system activities
Muhammad Naeem Ahmed Khan
June 2012
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Precise comprehension of a file system state at any given time is vital for performing digital forensic analyses. To uncover evidence of the digital crime, the logical representation of file system activities helps reconstruct post-event timeline of ...
Keywords: Bayesian decision theory, Bayesian learning, Computer forensic analysis, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Neural networks
603
Experiences with workload management in splunk
Ledion Bitincka, Archana Ganapathi, Steve Zhang
September 2012
MBDS '12: Proceedings of the 2012 workshop on Management of big data systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.02 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 0

Organizations are constantly overwhelmed with challenges of big data management resulting from data floods produced by various computer systems and components. Mining this data deluge can produce invaluable insights for the busi- ness and for operations. ...
Keywords: mbds
604
Data mining technique for collaborative server log file analysis
Jelena Mam?enko, Regina Kulvietiene
July 2005
ICCOM'05: Proceedings of the 9th WSEAS International Conference on Communications
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Most people, companies and organizations put information on the Web because they want it to be seen by the world. Their goal is to have visitors come to the site, feel comfortable and stay awhile. The goal of Vilnius Technical University Information ...

Keywords: access log, clustering, data mining, demographic clustering, intelligent analysis, intelligent miner for data
605
Computer forensics in forensis
Sean Peisert, Matt Bishop, Keith Marzullo
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (441.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 1632,    Citation Count: 2

Different users apply computer forensic systems, models, and terminology in very different ways. They often make incompatible assumptions and reach different conclusions about the validity and accuracy of the methods they use to log, audit, and present ...
Keywords: auditing, data measurement, forensic analysis, forensic systems, logging, models, scientific method, security
606
The growing need for on-scene triage of mobile devices
Richard P. Mislan, Eoghan Casey, Gary C. Kessler
May 2010
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 6 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The increasing number of mobile devices being submitted to Digital Forensic Laboratories (DFLs) is creating a backlog that can hinder investigations and negatively impact public safety and the criminal justice system. In a military context, delays in ...
Keywords: Cell phone forensics, Mobile device forensics, Mobile device technician, On-scene triage inspection
607
QuickRec: prototyping an intel architecture extension for record and replay of multithreaded programs
Gilles Pokam, Klaus Danne, Cristiano Pereira, Rolf Kassa, Tim Kranich, Shiliang Hu, Justin Gottschlich, Nima Honarmand, Nathan Dautenhahn, Samuel T. King, Josep Torrellas
June 2013
ISCA '13: Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (437.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 90,   Downloads (Overall): 301,    Citation Count: 4

There has been significant interest in hardware-assisted deterministic Record and Replay (RnR) systems for multithreaded programs on multiprocessors. However, no proposal has implemented this technique in a hardware prototype with full operating system ...
Keywords: FPGA prototype, deterministic record and replay, hardware-software interface, shared memory multiprocessors
608
Generalizing database forensics
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2013
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 38 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (638.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 103,   Downloads (Overall): 368,    Citation Count: 0

In this article we present refinements on previously proposed approaches to forensic analysis of database tampering. We significantly generalize the basic structure of these algorithms to admit new characterizations of the “where” axis of ...
Keywords: Compliant records, Monochromatic Algorithm, a3D Algorithm, attribute-based partitioning, corruption event taxonomy, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic analysis protocol, forensic cost, page-based partitioning
609
Security Logs: Security Log Management
Colin Lobo
November 2003
Network Security , Volume 2003 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Have your systems been configured to write events to the system logs? Most people would answer ''Yes''. Are they using the standard default settings? The answer to this will vary. How often are the logs examined? Most people would answer only ''when ...
610
Robust signatures for kernel data structures
Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Abhinav Srivastava, Patrick Traynor, Jonathon Giffin
November 2009
CCS '09: Proceedings of the 16th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (609.59 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 628,    Citation Count: 26

Kernel-mode rootkits hide objects such as processes and threads using a technique known as Direct Kernel Object Manipulation (DKOM). Many forensic analysis tools attempt to detect these hidden objects by scanning kernel memory with handmade signatures; ...

Keywords: data structures, memory analysis, security
611
Efficient auditing for complex SQL queries
Raghav Kaushik, Ravi Ramamurthy
June 2011
SIGMOD '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.60 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 526,    Citation Count: 5

We address the problem of data auditing that asks for an audit trail of all users and queries that potentially breached information about sensitive data. A lot of the previous work in data auditing has focused on providing strong privacy guarantees and ...
Keywords: access control, auditing, privacy, query processing, security
612
Automating the Generation of User Activity Timelines on Microsoft Vista and Windows 7 Operating Systems
Stephen O'Shaughnessy, Anthony Keane
April 2012
International Journal of Ambient Computing and Intelligence , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

For many computer forensics investigations, the discovery of the complete activity history of users is an essential part of the process; however, due to the complexity and variety of current modern personal computer operating systems, the availability ...
Keywords: Computer Forensics, Data Retrieval, Forensic Timelines, User Activity, User Activity Tracker (UAT)
613
Forensic course development
Luther Troell, Yin Pan, Bill Stackpole
October 2003
CITC4 '03: Proceedings of the 4th conference on Information technology curriculum
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (190.94 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 1977,    Citation Count: 5

In recent years, digital technology has experienced dramatic growth. Many of these advances have also provided malicious users with the ability to conceal their activities and destroy evidence of their actions. This has raised the need of developing ...

Keywords: IT education, computer forensics, curriculum development, information assurance, intrusion detection
614
Review: A survey of network flow applications
Bingdong Li, Jeff Springer, George Bebis, Mehmet Hadi Gunes
March 2013
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 2
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

It has been over 16 years since Cisco's NetFlow was patented in 1996. Extensive research has been conducted since then and many applications have been developed. In this survey, we have reviewed an extensive number of studies with emphasis on network ...
Keywords: Machine learning, NetFlow, Network security, Network traffic analysis, sFlow
615
Network Intrusion Analysis: Methodologies, Tools, and Techniques for Incident Analysis and Response, 1st edition
Joe Fichera, Steven Bolt
December 2012
Network Intrusion Analysis: Methodologies, Tools, and Techniques for Incident Analysis and Response, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (13.32 MB),  PDF (32.19 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 144,    Citation Count: 0

Nearly every business depends on its network to provide information services to carry out essential activities, and network intrusion attacks have been growing increasingly frequent and severe. When network intrusions do occur, it's imperative that a ...
616
Information security: examining and managing the insider threat
Michael D. Carroll
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (33.20 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 1116,    Citation Count: 1

This work is an exposition of the internal personnel threat to information security. It provides a brief overview of and how to manage the insider threat from an undergraduate perspective. This document explains the threat of the members of an organization ...
Keywords: insider threat
617
Scope of forensics in grid computing – vision and perspectives
Syed Naqvi, Philippe Massonet, Alvaro Arenas
December 2006
ISPA'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Frontiers of High Performance Computing and Networking
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Along with the evolution of Grid technology, the need to protect its resources from malicious activities is becoming more and more important. While robust security architecture provides deterrence, there never be a perfect security mechanism. The Grid ...
Keywords: forensics techniques, grid security, return of security investment
618
Integrity of electronic voting systems: fallacious use of cryptography
Seda Davtyan, Aggelos Kiayias, Laurent Michel, Alexander Russell, Alexander A. Shvartsman
March 2012
SAC '12: Proceedings of the 27th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.96 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count:

In recent years, electronic voting systems have been deployed in all U.S. elections. Despite the fact that cryptographic integrity checks are used in most such systems, several reports have documented serious security vulnerabilities of electronic voting ...
619
SP 800-47. Security Guide for Interconnecting Information Technology Systems
Timothy Grance, Joan Hash, Steven Peck, Jonathan Smith, Karen Korow-Diks
August 2002
SP 800-47. Security Guide for Interconnecting Information Technology Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (546.32 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 44,   Downloads (Overall): 56,    Citation Count: 0

The Security Guide for Interconnecting Information Technology Systems provides guidance for planning, establishing, maintaining, and terminating interconnections between information technology (IT) systems that are owned and operated by different organizations. ...
Keywords: IT security, Information systems security, interconnecting systems, system development life cycle
620
Simulating adversarial interactions between intruders and system administrators using OODA-RR
T. J. Grant, H. S. Venter, J. H. P. Eloff
October 2007
SAICSIT '07: Proceedings of the 2007 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (148.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 386,    Citation Count:

Intrusion in information systems is a major problem in security management. Present-day intrusion detection systems detect attacks too late to counter them in real-time. Several authors in the digital forensics literature have proposed using Boyd's Observe-Orient-Decide-Act ...
Keywords: OODA, adversary, process model
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  31   32   33   34   35    next    >>
621
Defining security services for electronic tendering
Rong Du, Ernest Foo, Colin Boyd, Brian Fitzgerald
January 2004
ACSW Frontiers '04: Proceedings of the second workshop on Australasian information security, Data Mining and Web Intelligence, and Software Internationalisation - Volume 32 , Volume 32
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (210.31 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 1289,    Citation Count: 4

A major step is required to integrate critical legal requirements into e-tendering system design. The current systems using ad-hoc security mechanisms do not meet the legal requirements for forming a complex electronic contract. This paper analyses the ...
Keywords: e-commerce, e-contract, e-tendering procedure, electronic tendering, legal obligations, security mechanisms, security policies, security services
622
The architecture of a digital forensic readiness management system
K. Reddy, H. S. Venter
February 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 32
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A coordinated approach to digital forensic readiness (DFR) in a large organisation requires the management and monitoring of a wide variety of resources, both human and technical. The resources involved in DFR in large organisations typically include ...
Keywords: Digital forensic management system, Digital forensic readiness, Forensic readiness, Management of digital forensic readiness, Management of forensics, Organisational forensic readiness
623
AndWellness: an open mobile system for activity and experience sampling
John Hicks, Nithya Ramanathan, Donnie Kim, Mohamad Monibi, Joshua Selsky, Mark Hansen, Deborah Estrin
October 2010
WH '10: Wireless Health 2010
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (710.00 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 612,    Citation Count: 16

Advances in mobile phone technology have allowed phones to become a convenient platform for real-time assessment of a participants health and behavior. AndWellness, a personal data collection system, uses mobile phones to collect and analyze data from ...
Keywords: experience sampling method (ESM), in situ data collection, mobile computing, system architecture, wireless health monitoring
624
SP 800-100. SP 800-100. Information Security Handbook: A Guide for Managers
Pauline Bowen, Joan Hash, Mark Wilson
October 2006
SP 800-100. SP 800-100. Information Security Handbook: A Guide for Managers
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (8.19 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 189,   Downloads (Overall): 472,    Citation Count:

Information Security Handbook: A Guide for Managers
Keywords: Awareness, capital planning, certification, configuration management, contingency plan, incident response, interconnecting systems, performance measures, risk management, security governance, security plans, security services, system development life cycle, training
625
In-situ MapReduce for log processing
Dionysios Logothetis, Chris Trezzo, Kevin C. Webb, Kenneth Yocum
June 2011
USENIXATC'11: Proceedings of the 2011 USENIX conference on USENIX annual technical conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 18

Log analytics are a bedrock component of running many of today's Internet sites. Application and click logs form the basis for tracking and analyzing customer behaviors and preferences, and they form the basic inputs to ad-targeting algorithms. Logs ...
626
Advances in the protection of critical infrastructure by improvement in industrial control system security
Thomas H. Morris, Rayford B. Vaughn, Elena Sitnikova
January 2013
AISC '13: Proceedings of the Eleventh Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 138 , Volume 138
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (532.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 138,    Citation Count: 0

This paper describes an international research effort that has been working toward identification of vulnerabilities in industrial control systems, mitigation strategies to address vulnerabilities, and development of tools to prevent intrusion on such ...
627
A proposed model for data warehouse user behaviour using intrusion detection system
Indu Singh, Manoj Kumar
November 2012
SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes , Volume 37 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (639.44 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 218,    Citation Count: 0

Data Warehouse (DW) systems maintain sensitive and crucial information, which is integrated from various heterogenous sources of organization. With the ever increasing deployment and usage of networks, these systems are becoming more vulnerable to malicious ...
Keywords: data warehouse, information security, intrusion detection system, user behaviour
628
Detecting Roles and Anomalies in Hospital Access Audit Logs
Carl Gunter
November 2014
SafeConfig '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Workshop on Cyber Security Analytics, Intelligence and Automation
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (343.09 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 23,    Citation Count: 0

There is significant risk in denying access to a healthcare provider who seeks to examine a patient's medical record. For this reason, hospital access control systems are generally based on optimistic security in which providers are given broad permissions; ...
Keywords: access control, health information technology, log analytics, role mining, security automation
629
Introducing reference flow control for detecting intrusion symptoms at the OS level
Jacob Zimmermann, Ludovic Mé, Christophe Bidan
October 2002
RAID'02: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

This paper presents a novel approach to policy-based detection of "attacks by delegation". By exploiting unpredictable behaviour such as unknown side-effects, race-conditions, buffer overflows, confused deputies etc., these attacks aim at achieving their ...
630
From the consent of the routed: improving the transparency of the RPKI
Ethan Heilman, Danny Cooper, Leonid Reyzin, Sharon Goldberg
August 2014
SIGCOMM '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM conference on SIGCOMM
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.22 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 49,   Downloads (12 Months): 713,   Downloads (Overall): 713,    Citation Count: 3

The Resource Public Key Infrastructure (RPKI) is a new infrastructure that prevents some of the most devastating attacks on interdomain routing. However, the security benefits provided by the RPKI are accomplished via an architecture that empowers centralized ...
Keywords: RPKI, public key infrastructures, security, transparency
631
Episodic memory for ubiquitous multimedia contents management system
Kyung-Joong Kim, Myung-Chul Jung, Sung-Bae Cho
June 2007
IEA/AIE'07: Proceedings of the 20th international conference on Industrial, engineering, and other applications of applied intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently, mobile devices are regarded as a content storage with their functions such as camera, camcorder, and music player. It creates massive new data and downloads contents from desktop or wireless internet. Because of the massive size of digital ...
632
Forenscope: a framework for live forensics
Ellick Chan, Shivaram Venkataraman, Francis David, Amey Chaugule, Roy Campbell
December 2010
ACSAC '10: Proceedings of the 26th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (316.10 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 549,    Citation Count: 4

Current post-mortem cyber-forensic techniques may cause significant disruption to the evidence gathering process by breaking active network connections and unmounting encrypted disks. Although newer live forensic analysis tools can preserve active state, ...
Keywords: forensics, introspection, memory remanence
633
Information security across disciplines
Gabriele H. Meiselwitz
October 2008
SIGITE '08: Proceedings of the 9th ACM SIGITE conference on Information technology education
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (227.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 427,    Citation Count:

This paper describes a general education course in information security targeting all majors. A steady increase in security incidents in work and personal computing environments requires a trained workforce to respond to these incidents. In addition ...

Keywords: computer science curriculum, ias education, information science curriculum
634
Practical management of malicious insider threat - An enterprise CSIRT perspective
Terrence Walker
November 2008
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Communication and Information Systems (CIS) now form the primary information store, exchange and data analysis for all modern military and are crucial to command and control. The ubiquitousness of CIS within the military not only means that there is ...
635
GitBAC: Flexible access control for non-modular concerns
Mark Robinson, Jianwei Niu, Macneil Shonle
November 2011
ASE '11: Proceedings of the 2011 26th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (284.77 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 40,    Citation Count:

Today's techniques for controlling access to software artifacts are limited to restricting access to whole files and directories. But when a company's access control policy does not match a project's existing physical modularization, these techniques ...
636
Achieving Accountable MapReduce in cloud computing
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
January 2014
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 30
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

MapReduce is a programming model that is capable of processing large data sets in distributed computing environments. The original MapReduce model was designed to be fault-tolerant in case of various network abnormalities. However, fault-tolerance does ...
Keywords: Accountable, Cloud computing, MapReduce
637
Nymble: anonymous IP-address blocking
Peter C. Johnson, Apu Kapadia, Patrick P. Tsang, Sean W. Smith
June 2007
PET'07: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Privacy enhancing technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 20

Anonymizing networks such as Tor allow users to access Internet services privately using a series of routers to hide the client's IP address from the server. Tor's success, however, has been limited by users employing this anonymity for abusive purposes, ...
638
The optimization of situational awareness for insider threat detection
Kenneth Brancik, Gabriel Ghinita
February 2011
CODASPY '11: Proceedings of the first ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (475.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 78,   Downloads (Overall): 666,    Citation Count:

In recent years, organizations ranging from defense and other government institutions to commercial enterprises, research labs, etc., have witnessed an increasing amount of sophisticated insider attacks that manage to bypass existing security controls. ...
Keywords: data exfiltration, insider threat
639
Data mining and machine learning-Towards reducing false positives in intrusion detection
Tadeusz Pietraszek, Axel Tanner
January 2005
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 10 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs) are used to monitor computer systems for signs of security violations. Having detected such signs, IDSs trigger alerts to report them. These alerts are presented to a human analyst, who evaluates them and initiates ...
640
Securing distributed storage: challenges, techniques, and systems
Vishal Kher, Yongdae Kim
November 2005
StorageSS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM workshop on Storage security and survivability
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (294.61 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 92,   Downloads (Overall): 2491,    Citation Count: 19

The rapid increase of sensitive data and the growing number of government regulations that require longterm data retention and protection have forced enterprises to pay serious attention to storage security. In this paper, we discuss important security ...
Keywords: authorization, confidentiality, integrity, intrusion detection, privacy
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  32   33   34   35   36    next    >>
641
LogGC: garbage collecting audit log
Kyu Hyung Lee, Xiangyu Zhang, Dongyan Xu
November 2013
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.14 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 166,    Citation Count: 0

System-level audit logs capture the interactions between applications and the runtime environment. They are highly valuable for forensic analysis that aims to identify the root cause of an attack, which may occur long ago, or to determine the ramifications ...
Keywords: attack provenance, audit log, garbage collection, reverse engineering
642
User-centric identity management using trusted modules
Jan Vossaert, Jorn Lapon, Bart De Decker, Vincent Naessens
September 2010
EuroPKI'10: Proceedings of the 7th European conference on Public key infrastructures, services and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Many service providers want to control access to their services and offer personalized services. This implies that the service provider requests and stores personal attributes. However, many service providers are not sure about the correctness of attributes ...
Keywords: privacy, security, user-centric identity management
643
Storage and retrieval of system log events using a structured schema based on message type transformation
Adetokunbo Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios
March 2011
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (526.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count:

Message types are semantic groupings of the free form messages in system log events. The message types that exist in a log file, if known, can be used in several log management and analysis tasks. In this work, we explore the use of message types as ...
Keywords: data storage, event log management, event log mining, network control and management, retrieval, systems administration
644
MieLog: A Highly Interactive Visual Log Browser Using Information Visualization and Statistical Analysis
November 2002
LISA '02: Proceedings of the 16th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 14

System administration has become an increasingly important function, with the fundamental task being the inspection of computer log-files. It is not, however, easy to perform such tasks for two reasons. One is the high recognition load of log contents ...
645
Electronic government procurement implementation in India: a cross sectional study
Prabir Panda, G. P. Sahu
December 2015
International Journal of Business Information Systems , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the recent past, electronic procurement has drawn lots of attention in India due to its potential of bringing transparency and efficiency in public purchases. The Government of India launched National E-Government Plan in 2006 with e-procurement as ...
646
Review: An intrusion detection and prevention system in cloud computing: A systematic review
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino JúNior
January 2013
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are largely inefficient to be deployed in cloud ...
Keywords: Alarm correlation, Cloud computing, Intrusion detection and prevention, System requirements, Taxonomy
647
Visualizing PHPIDS log files for better understanding of web server attacks
Mansour Alsaleh, Abdullah Alqahtani, Abdulrahman Alarifi, AbdulMalik Al-Salman
October 2013
VizSec '13: Proceedings of the Tenth Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.05 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 392,    Citation Count: 0

The prevalence and severity of application-layer vulnerabilities increase dramatically their corresponding attacks. In this paper, we present an extension to PHPIDS, an open source intrusion detection and prevention system for PHP-based web applications, ...
Keywords: intrusion detection systems, log visualization, network monitoring, security data visualization, web server attacks
648
SP 800-53 Rev. 3. Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Joint Task Force Transformation Initiative
August 2009
SP 800-53 Rev. 3. Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (438.72 KB),  PDF (588.93 KB),  PDF (646.60 KB),  PDF (3.32 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 644,   Downloads (12 Months): 5387,   Downloads (Overall): 5434,    Citation Count: 1

The objective of NIST SP 800-53 is to provide a set of security controls that can satisfy the breadth and depth of security requirements levied on information systems and organizations and that is consistent with and complementary to other established ...
Keywords: FISMA, Security controls, common controls, managing risk, risk management framework, security control assurance, security control baselines, security requirements
649
An empirical investigation of Web session workloads: Can self-similarity be explained by deterministic chaos?
Scott Dick, Omolbanin Yazdanbaksh, Xiuli Tang, Toan Huynh, James Miller
January 2014
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 50 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Several studies of Web server workloads have hypothesized that these workloads are self-similar. The explanation commonly advanced for this phenomenon is that the distribution of Web server requests may be heavy-tailed. However, there is another possible ...
Keywords: Chaos theory, Nonlinear time series analysis, Session workload, Traffic modeling, Web traffic
650
A hybrid method for patterns mining and outliers detection in the web usage log
Mikhail Petrovskiy
May 2003
AWIC'03: Proceedings of the 1st international Atlantic web intelligence conference on Advances in web intelligence
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

This paper presents a novel approach to mining patterns and outliers detection in the Web Usage log. This approach involves kernel methods and fuzzy clustering methods. Web log records are considered as vectors with numeric and nominal attributes. These ...
651
Risks to the public in computers and related systems
Peter G. Neumann
March 2004
SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes , Volume 29 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (165.39 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 597,    Citation Count:
652
Livemaps for collection awareness
DORON COHEN, MICHAL JACOVI, YOELLE S. MAAREK, VLADIMIR SOROKA
January 2002
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 56 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

With the increasing proliferation of chat applications on the web, the old vision of “adding people” to the web is becoming a reality. Along with collaboration tools, more and more sites offer people awareness mechanisms to let the site visitors ...
653
Collapsar: a VM-based architecture for network attack detention center
Xuxian Jiang, Dongyan Xu
August 2004
SSYM'04: Proceedings of the 13th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 13 , Volume 13
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 29

The honeypot has emerged as an effective tool to provide insights into new attacks and current exploitation trends. Though effective, a single honeypot or multiple independently operated honeypots only provide a limited local view of network attacks. ...
654
Forensic discovery auditing of digital evidence containers
Golden G. Richard, III, Vassil Roussev, Lodovico Marziale
June 2007
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Current digital forensics methods capture, preserve, and analyze digital evidence in general-purpose electronic containers (typically, plain files) with no dedicated support to help establish that the evidence has been properly handled. Auditing of a ...
Keywords: Digital evidence containers Auditing, Digital forensics, Filesystems, Operating systems internals
655
Thor's Microsoft Security Bible: A Collection of Practical Security Techniques
Timothy "Thor" Mullen
July 2011
Thor's Microsoft Security Bible: A Collection of Practical Security Techniques
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (11.81 MB),  PDF (30.19 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 86,    Citation Count: 0

Thor's Microsoft® Security Bible provides a "one-stop-shop" for Microsoft-related security techniques and procedures as applied to the typical deployment of a Microsoft-based infrastructure. The book contains detailed security concepts ...
656
Data Hiding: Exposing Concealed Data in Multimedia, Operating Systems, Mobile Devices and Network Protocols, 1st edition
Michael T. Raggo, Chet Hosmer
December 2012
Data Hiding: Exposing Concealed Data in Multimedia, Operating Systems, Mobile Devices and Network Protocols, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (6.80 MB),  PDF (26.68 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 117,   Downloads (Overall): 160,    Citation Count: 0

As data hiding detection and forensic techniques have matured, people are creating more advanced stealth methods for spying, corporate espionage, terrorism, and cyber warfare all to avoid detection. Data Hiding provides an exploration into ...
657
System log summarization via semi-Markov models of inter-arrival times
Erik Ferragut, Nicole Braden
October 2011
CSIIRW '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (122.04 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 52,    Citation Count:
658
Seven Deadliest Unified Communications Attacks
Dan York
June 2010
Seven Deadliest Unified Communications Attacks
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.76 MB),  PDF (3.78 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 75,    Citation Count: 0

Do you need to keep up with the latest hacks, attacks, and exploits effecting Unified Communications technology? Then you need Seven Deadliest Unified Communication Attacks. This book pinpoints the most dangerous hacks and exploits specific to Unified ...
659
Computer forensics laboratory and tools
Guillermo A. Francia, Keion Clinton
June 2005
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 20 Issue 6
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: PDF (244.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 3289,    Citation Count: 0

The pervasiveness and the convenience of information technology tend to make most of society deeply dependent on the availability computers and network systems. As our reliance on such systems grows, so does our exposure to its vulnerabilities. Day after ...
660
Internal Access Controls
Geetanjali Sampemane
November 2014
Queue , Volume 12 Issue 11
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (16.95 KB),  PDF (128.64 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 932,   Downloads (12 Months): 8966,   Downloads (Overall): 8966,    Citation Count: 0

Trust, but Verify
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  33   34   35   36   37    next    >>
661
Governing big data: principles and practices
P. Malik
May 2013
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 57 Issue 3-4
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As data-intensive decision making is being increasingly adopted by businesses, governments, and other agencies around the world, most organizations encountering a very large amount and variety of data are still contemplating and assessing their readiness ...
662
Advanced evidence collection and analysis of web browser activity
Junghoon Oh, Seungbong Lee, Sangjin Lee
August 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A Web browser is an essential application program for accessing the Internet. If a suspect uses the Internet as a source of information, the evidence related to the crime would be saved in the log file of the Web browser. Therefore, investigating the ...
Keywords: Integrated timeline analysis, Restoration of deleted web browser information, Search word analysis, URL decoding, Web browser forensics
663
From Security to Assurance in the Cloud: A Survey
Claudio A. Ardagna, Rasool Asal, Ernesto Damiani, Quang Hieu Vu
July 2015
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 48 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (953.31 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 33,    Citation Count: 0

The cloud computing paradigm has become a mainstream solution for the deployment of business processes and applications. In the public cloud vision, infrastructure, platform, and software services are provisioned to tenants (i.e., customers and service ...
Keywords: Assurance, cloud computing, security, survey, transparency
664
UNICORN: misuse detection for UNICOS
Gary G. Christoph, Kathleen A. Jackson, Michael C. Neuman, Christine L. B. Siciliano, Dennis D. Simmonds, Cathy A. Stallings, Joseph L. Thompson
December 1995
Supercomputing '95: Proceedings of the 1995 ACM/IEEE conference on Supercomputing (CDROM)
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Html (43.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 242,    Citation Count: 3

An effective method for detecting computer misuse is the automatic auditing and analysis of on-line user activity. This activity is reflected in the system audit record, by changes in the vulnerability posture of the system configuration, and in other ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, computer misuse, auditing, UNICOS, computer security, hacking, intrusion detection, security logs
665
Security-Aware, Model-Based Systems Engineering with SysML
Robert Oates, Fran Thom, Graham Herries
September 2013
ICS-CSR 2013: Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on ICS & SCADA Cyber Security Research 2013
Publisher: BCS
Full text available: PDF (1.40 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 2,   Downloads (Overall): 2,    Citation Count: 1

Addressing the cyber security demands of industrial control systems is a challenging task as the systems are typically built from equipment with limited computational power and integrated into highly complex, infrastructure-critical systems. To ensure ...
Keywords: Industrial control systems, SysML, Systems Engineering
666
Secure log management for privacy assurance in electronic communications
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
December 2008
Computers and Security , Volume 27 Issue 7-8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper we examine logging security in the environment of electronic communication providers. We review existing security threat models for system logging and we extend these to a new security model especially suited for communication network providers, ...
Keywords: Digital signatures, Integrity, Internal attacks, Network providers, System logging
667
Usage-based statistical testing of web applications
Jianhua Hao, Emilia Mendes
July 2006
ICWE '06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Web engineering
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (251.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 165,   Downloads (Overall): 1863,    Citation Count: 3

The large growth in the number of large Web applications currently developed brings concerns related to their quality, and more specifically their testing and reliability. Web application testing is still in its infancy and relies mostly upon traditional ...
Keywords: experimentation, statistical testing, unified Markov Models, web application reliability, web application testing
668
Nokia Firewall, VPN, and IPSO Configuration Guide
Andrew Hay, Keli Hay, Peter Giannoulis
November 2008
Nokia Firewall, VPN, and IPSO Configuration Guide
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.13 MB),  PDF (9.30 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 92,    Citation Count: 0

"While Nokia is perhaps most recognized for its leadership in the mobile phone market, they have successfully demonstrated their knowledge of the Internet security appliance market and its customers requirements."--Chris Christiansen, Vice President, ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Handheld Computing, Security
669
HawkEye solutions: a network intrusion detection system
I. Mukhopadhyay, M. Chakraborty, S. Chakrabarti
February 2011
ICWET '11: Proceedings of the International Conference & Workshop on Emerging Trends in Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (354.23 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 325,    Citation Count: 0

An Intrusion Detection System (IDS) is a computer-based information system designed to collect information about malicious activities in a set of targeted IT resources, analyze the information and respond according to some predefined security policy. ...
Keywords: host-based IDS, intrusion detection system (IDS), intrusion prevention system (IPS), network-based IDS
670
"I know what you did last summer": query logs and user privacy
Rosie Jones, Ravi Kumar, Bo Pang, Andrew Tomkins
November 2007
CIKM '07: Proceedings of the sixteenth ACM conference on Conference on information and knowledge management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (204.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 801,    Citation Count: 37

We investigate the subtle cues to user identity that may be exploited in attacks on the privacy of users in web search query logs. We study the application of simple classifiers to map a sequence of queries into the gender, age, and location of the user ...
Keywords: k-anonymity, privacy, query log analysis
671
Characterizing the influence of domain expertise on web search behavior
Ryen W. White, Susan T. Dumais, Jaime Teevan
February 2009
WSDM '09: Proceedings of the Second ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (813.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 71,   Downloads (Overall): 932,    Citation Count: 57

Domain experts search differently than people with little or no domain knowledge. Previous research suggests that domain experts employ different search strategies and are more successful in finding what they are looking for than non-experts. In this ...

Keywords: domain expertise, web search
672
Development of a legal framework for intrusion detection
Steven R. Johnston
October 2002
RAID'02: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

To meet demands for increased interconnectivity, efficiency or competitiveness, organizations increasingly rely on technology. This trend creates significant opportunities to improve service delivery and to move into new areas of endeavour. But reliance ...

Keywords: anti-terrorism law, criminal law, interception, intrusion detection, privacy, private communications, wiretap
673
SP 800-68 Rev. 1. Guide to Securing Microsoft Windows XP Systems for IT Professionals: A NIST Security Configuration Checklist
Karen A. Scarfone, Murugiah P. Souppaya, Paul M. Johnson
October 2008
SP 800-68 Rev. 1. Guide to Securing Microsoft Windows XP Systems for IT Professionals: A NIST Security Configuration Checklist
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.44 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 15,    Citation Count: 0

This publication assists IT professionals in securing Windows XP workstations, mobile computers, and computers used by telecommuters within various environments. The recommendations are specifically intended for Windows XP Professional systems running ...
Keywords: Federal Desktop Core Configuration, Windows XP security, Windows security, host security
674
Verifiable audit trails for a versioning file system
Randal Burns, Zachary Peterson, Giuseppe Ateniese, Stephen Bono
November 2005
StorageSS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM workshop on Storage security and survivability
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (153.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 667,    Citation Count: 3

We present constructs that create, manage, and verify digital audit trails for versioning file systems. Based upon a small amount of data published to a third party, a file system commits to a version history. At a later date, an auditor uses the published ...
Keywords: electronic records, secure audit, versioning file systems
675
The social dimensions of the security of internet banking
Supriya Singh
August 2006
Journal of Theoretical and Applied Electronic Commerce Research , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Facultad de Ingeniería, Universidad de Talca
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

This paper examines the users' perspective on the security of Internet banking in Australia within the social context. This user-centered design approach supplements the technological and industrial approaches to security. The user-centered research ...

Keywords: internet banking, privacy, security, trust, users' perspective
676
On the feasibility of online malware detection with performance counters
John Demme, Matthew Maycock, Jared Schmitz, Adrian Tang, Adam Waksman, Simha Sethumadhavan, Salvatore Stolfo
June 2013
ISCA '13: Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.04 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 222,   Downloads (Overall): 622,    Citation Count: 5

The proliferation of computers in any domain is followed by the proliferation of malware in that domain. Systems, including the latest mobile platforms, are laden with viruses, rootkits, spyware, adware and other classes of malware. Despite the existence ...
Keywords: machine learning, malware and its mitigation, malware detection, performance counters, security in hardware
677
A model-integrated authoring environment for privacy policies
Andras Nadas, Tihamer Levendovszky, Ethan K. Jackson, Istvan Madari, Janos Sztipanovits
September 2014
Science of Computer Programming , Volume 89 Issue PB
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy policies are rules designed to ensure that individuals' health data are properly protected. Health Information Systems (HIS) are legally required to adhere to these policies. Since privacy policies are imposed on complex software systems, it ...
Keywords: Constraint logic programming, Model-integrated computing, Privacy policies
678
Securing vehicles against cyber attacks
Ulf E. Larson, Dennis K. Nilsson
May 2008
CSIIRW '08: Proceedings of the 4th annual workshop on Cyber security and information intelligence research: developing strategies to meet the cyber security and information intelligence challenges ahead
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (188.37 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 1099,    Citation Count: 3

The automobile industry has grown to become an integral part of our everyday life. As vehicles evolve, the primarily mechanical solutions for vehicle control are gradually replaced by electronics and software solutions forming in-vehicle computer networks. ...

Keywords: challenges, outlook, security, security challenges for in-vehicle networks, vehicle, wireless communication
679
Prioritizing intrusion analysis using Dempster-Shafer theory
Loai Zomlot, Sathya Chandran Sundaramurthy, Kui Luo, Xinming Ou, S. Raj Rajagopalan
October 2011
AISec '11: Proceedings of the 4th ACM workshop on Security and artificial intelligence
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (622.08 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 347,    Citation Count:

Intrusion analysis and incident management remains a difficult problem in practical network security defense. The root cause of this problem is the large rate of false positives in the sensors used by Intrusion Detection System (IDS) systems, reducing ...
Keywords: dempster-shafer theory, enterprise network security, intrusion detection and analysis, reason about uncertainty
680
A business process gap detecting mechanism between information system process flow and internal control flow
Shi-Ming Huang, David C. Yen, Yu-Chung Hung, Yen-Ju Zhou, Jing-Shiuan Hua
November 2009
Decision Support Systems , Volume 47 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The information system (IS) has become an important backbone of the modern enterprise, which has caused electronic data generated by the IS to be more easily manipulated and destroyed than hardcopy data. It is therefore important for auditors to assure ...

Keywords: Business process gap detecting mechanism, Computer-Assisted Audit Techniques and Tools (CAATTs), Database log, Internal control flow, Resource and value dependence method
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  34   35   36   37   38    next    >>
681
Algorithms for anomaly detection of traces in logs of process aware information systems
FáBio Bezerra, Jacques Wainer
March 2013
Information Systems , Volume 38 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper discusses four algorithms for detecting anomalies in logs of process aware systems. One of the algorithms only marks as potential anomalies traces that are infrequent in the log. The other three algorithms: threshold, iterative and sampling ...
Keywords: Anomaly detection, Process mining, Process-aware systems
682
Techno Security's Guide to Securing SCADA: A Comprehensive Handbook On Protecting The Critical Infrastructure
Jack Wiles
July 2008
Techno Security's Guide to Securing SCADA: A Comprehensive Handbook On Protecting The Critical Infrastructure
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (1.90 MB),  PDF (5.74 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 0

Around the world, SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) systems and other real-time process control networks run mission-critical infrastructure--everything from the power grid to water treatment, chemical manufacturing to transportation. ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
683
SP 800-128. Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems
L. Arnold Johnson, Kelley L. Dempsey, Ronald S. Ross, Sarbari Gupta, Dennis Bailey
August 2011
SP 800-128. Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (854.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 44,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count: 0

The purpose of Special Publication 800-128, Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems, is to provide guidelines for organizations responsible for managing and administering the security of federal information systems ...
Keywords: Configuration management, SecCM, control, information systems, monitoring, risk management framework, security content automation protocol (SCAP), security program, security-focused continuous monitoring
684
Refereed Papers: Real-time Log File Analysis Using the Simple Event Correlator (SEC)
John P. Rouillard
November 2004
LISA '04: Proceedings of the 18th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 12

Log analysis is an important way to keep track of computers and networks. The use of automated analysis always results in false reports, however these can be minimized by proper specification of recognition criteria. Current analysis approaches fail ...
685
Multi-aspect profiling of kernel rootkit behavior
Ryan Riley, Xuxian Jiang, Dongyan Xu
April 2009
EuroSys '09: Proceedings of the 4th ACM European conference on Computer systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (426.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 993,    Citation Count: 20

Kernel rootkits, malicious software designed to compromise a running operating system kernel, are difficult to analyze and profile due to their elusive nature, the variety and complexity of their behavior, and the privilege level at which they run. However, ...

Keywords: kernel rootkit, malware, profiling
686
Windows Registry Forensics: Advanced Digital Forensic Analysis of the Windows Registry
Harlan Carvey
February 2011
Windows Registry Forensics: Advanced Digital Forensic Analysis of the Windows Registry
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.88 MB),  PDF (4.21 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count: 1

Harlan Carvey brings readers an advanced book on Windows Registry. The first book of its kind EVER -- Windows Registry Forensics provides the background of the Registry to help develop an understanding of the binary structure of Registry hive files. ...
687
Effects of Web Traffic Announcements on Firm Value
Raquel Benbunan-Fich, Eliezer M. Fich
June 2004
International Journal of Electronic Commerce , Volume 8 Issue 4
Publisher: M. E. Sharpe, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Data from independent rating firms on traffic to commercial Web sites are routinely used in financial valuation models and in determining advertising rates. These metrics are not always reliable because third-party estimates of Web traffic are vulnerable ...

Keywords: Event Study, Firm Value, Internet Bubble, Web Traffic
688
Secure cloud-based biometric authentication utilising smart devices for electronic transactions
Bobby L. Tait
March 2014
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 6 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The release of the latest iPhone device by Apple, named the iPhone 5s which incorporates a fingerprint-based biometric scanner, was met with a lot of criticism from the security and privacy community. It was soon demonstrated that the biometric reader ...
689
A comparative study of attributes for gathering admissible evidence in the investigation of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
Joshua Ojo Nehinbe
July 2012
International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions , Volume 4 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Global crises have widened the scope of criminal activities that intruders commit on computer networks. However, available litigations to charge intruders are ineffective because most electronic evidence obtained from intrusion logs are inadmissible ...
690
Dropbox analysis: Data remnants on user machines
Darren Quick, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
June 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Cloud storage has been identified as an emerging challenge to digital forensic researchers and practitioners in a range of literature. There are various types of cloud storage services with each type having a potentially different use in criminal activity. ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage, Computer forensics, Digital forensics, Dropbox analysis, Mobile forensics
691
Fay: Extensible Distributed Tracing from Kernels to Clusters
Úlfar Erlingsson, Marcus Peinado, Simon Peter, Mihai Budiu, Gloria Mainar-Ruiz
November 2012
Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) , Volume 30 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.05 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 353,    Citation Count: 3

Fay is a flexible platform for the efficient collection, processing, and analysis of software execution traces. Fay provides dynamic tracing through use of runtime instrumentation and distributed aggregation within machines and across clusters. At the ...
692
Tracing the true source of an IPv6 datagram using policy based management system
Syed Obaid Amin, Choong Seon Hong, Ki Young Kim
September 2006
APNOMS'06: Proceedings of the 9th Asia-Pacific international conference on Network Operations and Management: management of Convergence Networks and Services
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In any (D)DoS attack, invaders may use incorrect or spoofed IP addresses in the attacking packets and thus disguise the factual origin of the attacks. Due to the stateless nature of the internet, it is an intricate problem to determine the source of ...
Keywords: DDoS, IPv6, network security, traceback
693
Hang with your buddies to resist intersection attacks
David Isaac Wolinsky, Ewa Syta, Bryan Ford
November 2013
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.04 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 78,   Downloads (Overall): 200,    Citation Count: 1

Some anonymity schemes might in principle protect users from pervasive network surveillance--but only if all messages are independent and unlinkable. Users in practice often need pseudonymity--sending messages intentionally linkable to each other but ...
Keywords: anonymity, disclosure, intersection, pseudonymity
694
SP 800-144. Guidelines on Security and Privacy in Public Cloud Computing
Wayne Jansen, Timothy Grance
December 2011
SP 800-144. Guidelines on Security and Privacy in Public Cloud Computing
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.10 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 31,   Downloads (12 Months): 265,   Downloads (Overall): 571,    Citation Count: 4

Cloud computing can and does mean different things to different people. The common characteristics most interpretations share are on-demand scalability of highly available and reliable pooled computing resources, secure access to metered services from ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Computer Security and Privacy, Information Technology Outsourcing
695
Security and privacy issues in implantable medical devices
Carmen Camara, Pedro Peris-Lopez, Juan E. Tapiador
June 2015
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 55 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Display Omitted Introduces Implantable Medical Device (IMD) technology and presents the new generation of IMDs with telemetry.Explains the usage scenarios for communication with the IMD and introduces the associated threat model.Shows tensions between ...
Keywords: Implantable medical devices, Privacy, Security, Survey, m-Health
696
Review: False alarm minimization techniques in signature-based intrusion detection systems: A survey
Neminath Hubballi, Vinoth Suryanarayanan
August 2014
Computer Communications , Volume 49
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A network based Intrusion Detection System (IDS) gathers and analyzes network packets and report possible low level security violations to a system administrator. In a large network setup, these low level and partial reports become unmanageable to the ...
Keywords: Correlation, False alarms, Intrusion detection
697
Digital forensic reconstruction and the virtual security testbed vise
André Årnes, Paul Haas, Giovanni Vigna, Richard A. Kemmerer
July 2006
DIMVA'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Detection of Intrusions and Malware & Vulnerability Assessment
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents ViSe, a virtual security testbed, and demonstrates how it can be used to efficiently study computer attacks and suspect tools as part of a computer crime reconstruction. Based on a hypothesis of the security incident in question, ...
698
The Best Damn Exchange, SQL and IIS Book Period
Henrik Walther, Mark Horninger, Chris Adams
December 2007
The Best Damn Exchange, SQL and IIS Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (79.45 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 0

Exchange, SQL and IIS are at the core of most Microsoft enterprise servers. The 2007 releases of these products, along with the release of Windows Vista and Windows 2008 Server, represents the biggest overhaul of Windows enterprise products since Windows ...
Keywords: Windows
699
DepSky: Dependable and Secure Storage in a Cloud-of-Clouds
Alysson Bessani, Miguel Correia, Bruno Quaresma, Fernando André, Paulo Sousa
November 2013
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 9 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.75 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 47,   Downloads (12 Months): 534,   Downloads (Overall): 962,    Citation Count: 4

The increasing popularity of cloud storage services has lead companies that handle critical data to think about using these services for their storage needs. Medical record databases, large biomedical datasets, historical information about power systems ...
Keywords: Byzantine quorum systems, Cloud computing, cloud storage
700
An audit trail service to enhance privacy compliance in federated identity management
Liam Peyton, Chintan Doshi, Pierre Seguin
October 2007
CASCON '07: Proceedings of the 2007 conference of the center for advanced studies on Collaborative research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: PDF (177.94 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 688,    Citation Count: 2

Federated identity management systems, such as the Liberty Alliance framework, are intended to protect identity and control access to personal information. An audit trail service has been proposed as an addition to the framework to address potential ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  35   36   37   38   39    next    >>
701
Challenges for protecting the privacy of health information: required certification can leave common vulnerabilities undetected
Ben Smith, Andrew Austin, Matt Brown, Jason T. King, Jerrod Lankford, Andrew Meneely, Laurie Williams
October 2010
SPIMACS '10: Proceedings of the second annual workshop on Security and privacy in medical and home-care systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (613.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 654,    Citation Count: 2

The use of electronic health record (EHR) systems by medical professionals enables the electronic exchange of patient data, yielding cost and quality of care benefits. The United States American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009 provides up ...
Keywords: attack, cchit, dos, ehr, emr, ethical hacking, exploit, healthcare, man-in-the-middle, meaningful use, medical records, openemr, security testing, sql injection, vulnerability, white hat, xss
702
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
November 2009
Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD) , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.20 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 526,    Citation Count: 5

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns appearing in a sequence. While interesting, these patterns do not give a comprehensive summary of the entire ...

Keywords: Event sequences, log mining, summarization
703
SQL Injection Attacks and Defense, 2 edition
Justin Clarke, Kevvie Fowler, Erlend Oftedal, Rodrigo Marcos Alvarez, Dave Hartley, Alexander Kornbrust, Gary O'Leary-Steele, Alberto Revelli, Sumit Siddharth, Marco Slaviero
June 2009
SQL Injection Attacks and Defense, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.95 MB),  PDF (15.94 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 125,   Downloads (12 Months): 308,   Downloads (Overall): 348,    Citation Count: 0

SQL Injection Attacks and Defense, First Edition: Winner of the Best Book Bejtlich Read Award "SQL injection is probably the number one problem for any server-side application, and this book unequaled in its coverage." ¿¿Richard ...
704
On Incident Handling and Response: A state-of-the-art approach
Sarandis Mitropoulos, Dimitrios Patsos, Christos Douligeris
July 2006
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Incident Response has always been an important aspect of Information Security but it is often overlooked by security administrators. Responding to an incident is not solely a technical issue but has many management, legal, technical and social aspects ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Incident Handling, Incident Response, Internet forensics, Software forensics, Trace-back mechanisms
705
On the privacy of private browsing - A forensic approach
Kiavash Satvat, Matthew Forshaw, Feng Hao, Ehsan Toreini
February 2014
Journal of Information Security and Applications , Volume 19 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Private browsing has been a popular privacy feature built into mainstream browsers since 2005. However, despite the prevalent use, the security of this feature has received little attention from the research community. To the best of our knowledge, no ...
Keywords: Private browsing, System security, User privacy, Web security
706
Automatic forensic log file analysis for Mac OS X systems
Zeki Turedi, Liangxiu Han
July 2013
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Mac OS X-based systems are gaining growing popularity. Yet forensics on this type of systems is still in its infancy and traditional forensic tools do not work well with it. Currently, most examinations for Mac OS X systems are done manually by experts. ...
707
A mutual and pseudo inverse matrix - based authentication mechanism for outsourcing service
Hue T. B. Pham, Thuc D. Nguyen, Van H. Dang, Isao Echizen, Thuy T. B. Dong
April 2011
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part I , Volume Part I
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Database outsourcing is becoming popular in which the data owners ship their data to external service provider. Such a model provides organizations advantages such as cost savings and service benefits. However, the delegation of database management to ...
Keywords: authentication mechanism, outsourcing service, untrusted server
708
Does organizing security patterns focus architectural choices?
Koen Yskout, Riccardo Scandariato, Wouter Joosen
June 2012
ICSE '12: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (481.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 118,    Citation Count: 2

Security patterns can be a valuable vehicle to design secure software. Several proposals have been advanced to improve the usability of security patterns. They often describe extra annotations to be included in the pattern documentation. This paper ...
709
Security tools: TSIEM and AppScan source for security
Yu-Ping Ding, Greg Stager
November 2011
CASCON '11: Proceedings of the 2011 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: PDF (563.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 43,    Citation Count: 0

Data security is becoming increasingly important for our interconnected and technologically dependent world. In addition to the usual access control, auditing and encryption requirements, many organizations are now requiring software development vendors ...
710
SPS: a simple filtering algorithm to thwart phishing attacks
Daisuke Miyamoto, Hiroaki Hazeyama, Youki Kadobayashi
December 2005
AINTEC'05: Proceedings of the First Asian Internet Engineering conference on Technologies for Advanced Heterogeneous Networks
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we explain that by only applying a simple filtering algorithm into various proxy systems, almost all phishing attacks can be blocked without loss of convenience to the user. We propose a system based on a simple filtering algorithm which ...
711
SP 800-83. Guide to Malware Incident Prevention and Handling
Peter M. Mell, Karen Kent, Joseph Nusbaum
November 2005
SP 800-83. Guide to Malware Incident Prevention and Handling
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (2.34 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 14,    Citation Count: 0

This publication provides recommendations for improving an organization's malware incident prevention measures. It also gives extensive recommendations for enhancing an organization's existing incident response capability so that it is better prepared ...
Keywords: Computer, incident, malware, prevention, security, virus
712
Towards a unifying view on security contracts
Bart De Win, Frank Piessens, Jan Smans, Wouter Joosen
July 2005
SESS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 workshop on Software engineering for secure systems—building trustworthy applications
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (159.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 431,    Citation Count: 1

A key property of software component technology is predictability, which means that the properties of an overall system can be deduced from the properties of the individual components. One of the crucial building blocks in component technology is the ...

Keywords: component technology, secure software engineering, security contracts

Also published in:
July 2005 SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes Volume 30 Issue 4
713
A new approach to secure logging
Di Ma, Gene Tsudik
March 2009
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (169.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 867,    Citation Count: 8

The need for secure logging is well-understood by the security professionals, including both researchers and practitioners. The ability to efficiently verify all (or some) log entries is important to any application employing secure logging techniques. ...

Keywords: MACs, Secure logging, forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) authentication, forward-secure stream integrity, signatures, truncation attack
714
Ensuring continuous compliance through reconciling policy with usage
Suresh Chari, Ian Molloy, Youngja Park, Wilfried Teiken
June 2013
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (882.86 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 157,    Citation Count: 2

Organizations rarely define formal security properties or policies for their access control systems, often choosing to react to changing needs. This paper addresses the problem of reconciling entitlement usage with configured policies for multiple objectives: ...
Keywords: access control, auditing, compliance, log analysis
715
Study on security policy options for responding to phishing
Eungyong Lee, Yoongjung Kim
November 2006
ISP'06: Proceedings of the 5th WSEAS International Conference on Information Security and Privacy
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Phishing is targeted financial scam in which attacker uses social engineering and spyware, malicious code methods to steal personal data such as credit card numbers. Many companies are trying to protect themselves and customers by seeking solutions designed ...

Keywords: attacks, pharming, phishing, security, threats
716
The architecture of a digital forensic readiness management system
K. Reddy, H.S. Venter
February 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 32 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A coordinated approach to digital forensic readiness (DFR) in a large organisation requires the management and monitoring of a wide variety of resources, both human and technical. The resources involved in DFR in large organisations typically include ...
Keywords: Digital forensic management system, Digital forensic readiness, Forensic readiness, Management of digital forensic readiness, Management of forensics, Organisational forensic readiness
717
Explaining accesses to electronic health records
Daniel Fabbri, Kristen LeFevre, David A. Hanauer
August 2011
DMMH '11: Proceedings of the 2011 workshop on Data mining for medicine and healthcare
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (728.63 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 191,    Citation Count:

Electronic health record systems (EHRs) are increasingly used to store patient medical information. To ensure the responsible use of this data, EHRs collect access logs, which record each access to sensitive data (e.g., a patient's record). Using ...
Keywords: access, electronic health records
718
Investigating self-reporting behavior in long-term studies
Andreas Möller, Matthias Kranz, Barbara Schmid, Luis Roalter, Stefan Diewald
April 2013
CHI '13: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.21 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 284,    Citation Count: 2

Self-reporting techniques, such as data logging or a diary, are frequently used in long-term studies, but prone to subjects' forgetfulness and other sources of inaccuracy. We conducted a six-week self-reporting study on smartphone usage in order to investigate ...
Keywords: application usage, long-term study, self-reporting, survey
719
Integrating ISA Server 2006 with Microsoft Exchange 2007
Fergus Strachan
May 2008
Integrating ISA Server 2006 with Microsoft Exchange 2007
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (7.13 MB),  PDF (17.78 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

This book is a convenient, targeted, single-source guide to integrating Microsoft's ISA Server with Exchange 2007 SP1. Unlike longwinded "comprehensive resources" it doesn't waste time re-hashing general information on the architectures and purposes ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Architecture, Computer Science, Computers, Information Management, Operating Systems, Security, Viruses
720
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Craig S. Wright
June 2008
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (9.19 MB),  PDF (20.21 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 398,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides comprehensive methodology, enabling the staff charged with an IT security audit to create a sound framework, allowing them to meet the challenges of compliance in a way that aligns with both business and technical needs. This "roadmap" ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  36   37   38   39   40    next    >>
721
Modifying without a trace: general audit guidelines are inadequate for open-source electronic health record audit mechanisms
Jason Tyler King, Ben Smith, Laurie Williams
January 2012
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (504.50 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 261,    Citation Count: 8

Without adequate audit mechanisms, electronic health record (EHR) systems remain vulnerable to undetected misuse. Users could modify or delete protected health information without these actions being traceable. The objective of this paper is to assess ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, healthcare, log, privacy, security, user-based non-repudiation
722
Criteria to evaluate Automated Personal Identification Mechanisms
Anthony J. Palmer
December 2008
Computers and Security , Volume 27 Issue 7-8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The consequences of digital identity compromises suggest that selected Automated Personal Identification Mechanisms, which enable computer systems to identify individuals, may be unsuitable in some contexts. Currently, there is no commonly agreed set ...
Keywords: Accessibility, Automated Personal Identification Mechanism, Biometric identification, Biometric verification, Privacy, Reliability, Risk, Usability, User authentication, Vulnerabilities
723
A case for the accountable cloud
Andreas Haeberlen
April 2010
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 44 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (670.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 789,    Citation Count: 5

For many companies, clouds are becoming an interesting alternative to a dedicated IT infrastructure. However, cloud computing also carries certain risks for both the customer and the cloud provider. The customer places his computation and data on machines ...
724
Adaptive event prediction strategy with dynamic time window for large-scale HPC systems
Ana Gainaru, Franck Cappello, Joshi Fullop, Stefan Trausan-Matu, William Kramer
October 2011
SLAML '11: Managing Large-scale Systems via the Analysis of System Logs and the Application of Machine Learning Techniques
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.05 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 142,    Citation Count: 2

In this paper, we analyse messages generated by different HPC large-scale systems in order to extract sequences of correlated events which we lately use to predict the normal and faulty behaviour of the system. Our method uses a dynamic window strategy ...
Keywords: HPC systems, event prediction, logfile analysis
725
A Principled Approach to HPC Event Monitoring
Alireza Goudarzi, Dorian Arnold, Darko Stefanovic, Kurt B. Ferreira, Guy Feldman
June 2015
FTXS '15: Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on Fault Tolerance for HPC at eXtreme Scale
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 11,    Citation Count: 0

As high-performance computing (HPC) systems become larger and more complex, fault tolerance becomes a greater concern. At the same time, the data volume collected to help in understanding and mitigating hardware and software faults and failures also ...
Keywords: event analysis, failure prediction, fault-tolerance, resource monitoring
726
Security Views - Malware Update
July 2006
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
727
Employee monitoring: Big Boss is watching you - but should he?
Bruce Potter
December 2004
Network Security , Volume 2004 Issue 12
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Monitoring of the use of computer assets in the workplace is a fact of life; basic network tools provide a comprehensive picture of what you do when you log on. But there is a blurred line between what's tolerated and what's tolerable. This is the first ...
728
A security framework for a workflow-based grid development platform
José L. Vivas, Carmen Fernández-Gago, Javier Lopez, Andrés Benjumea
October 2010
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 32 Issue 5-6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper describes the security framework that is to be developed for the generic grid platform created for the project GREDIA. This platform is composed of several components that need to be secured. The platform uses the OGSA standards, so that the ...
Keywords: Grid, Security framework, Security services, Virtual organizations
729
Security and privacy system architecture for an e-hospital environment
Kathryn Garson, Carlisle Adams
March 2008
IDtrust '08: Proceedings of the 7th symposium on Identity and trust on the Internet
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (391.96 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 81,   Downloads (Overall): 1466,    Citation Count: 2

Hospitals are now using electronic medical records and computer applications in order to provide more efficient and thorough care for their patients. The Mobile Emergency Triage system provides doctors with decision support for emergency care by pulling ...
Keywords: authentication, health care, policy-based encryption, privacy
730
Everyman Sim: An everyman SIM
Bruce Potter
November 2008
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Managing all the information flooding from your network, security devices, and products can be a full-time job. Firewalls, anti-virus, IDS, and proxy servers are constantly logging data even when your systems are not under attack. The main purpose of ...
731
Highly efficient techniques for network forensics
Miroslav Ponec, Paul Giura, Hervé Brönnimann, Joel Wein
October 2007
CCS '07: Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (614.77 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 1392,    Citation Count: 6

Given a history of packet transmissions and an excerpt of a possible packet payload, the payload attribution problem requires the identification of sources, destinations and the times of appearance on a network of all the packets that contained ...
Keywords: bloom filter, network forensics, payload attribution
732
AVIEN Malware Defense Guide for the Enterprise
David Harley, Ken Bechtel, Michael Blanchard, Henk K. Diemer, Andrew Lee, Igor Muttik, Bojan Zdrnja
August 2007
AVIEN Malware Defense Guide for the Enterprise
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (9.56 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 207,    Citation Count: 1

Members of AVIEN (the Anti-Virus Information Exchange Network) have been setting agendas in malware management for several years: they led the way on generic filtering at the gateway, and in the sharing of information about new threats at a speed that ...
Keywords: Internet, Reference, Security
733
SP 800-55 Rev. 1. Performance Measurement Guide for Information Security
Elizabeth Chew, Marianne Swanson, Kevin M. Stine, Nadya Bartol, Anthony Brown, Will Robinson
July 2008
SP 800-55 Rev. 1. Performance Measurement Guide for Information Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.45 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 366,    Citation Count: 6

This document provides guidance on how an organization, through the use of metrics, identifies the adequacy of in-place security controls, policies, and procedures. It provides an approach to help management decide where to invest in additional security ...
Keywords: Information Security, Measures, Metrics, Performance, Reports, Security Controls
734
Policy management using access control spaces
Trent Jaeger, Xiaolan Zhang, Antony Edwards
August 2003
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (360.69 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 2408,    Citation Count: 30

We present the concept of an access control space and investigate how it may be useful in managing access control policies. An access control space represents the permission assignment state of a subject or role. For example, the set of permissions ...

Keywords: Access control models, authorization mechanisms, role-based access control
735
Time Bounding Event Reasoning in Computer Forensic
Liu Zhi jun, Zhang Huan guo
December 2007
CISW '07: Proceedings of the 2007 International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Security Workshops
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Timestamps are widely used in computing and offer an easy way to determine the time of events in digital investigations. Unfortunately, the ability of users to change clock settings, the difficult to recover the multi-level overwriting data in a disk, ...
736
Privacy-preserving query log mining for business confidentiality protection
Barbara Poblete, Myra Spiliopoulou, Ricardo Baeza-Yates
July 2010
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: ePub (1.85 MB),  PDF (581.58 KB),  Prc (277.60 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 556,    Citation Count: 4

We introduce the concern of confidentiality protection of business information for the publication of search engine query logs and derived data. We study business confidentiality, as the protection of nonpublic data from institutions, such as companies ...
Keywords: Privacy preservation, Web sites, queries, query log publication
737
Secure and reliable electronic record management system using digital forensic technologies
Sekie Amanuel Majore, Hyunguk Yoo, Taeshik Shon
October 2014
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 70 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Currently, most records are produced and stored digitally using various types of media storage and computer systems. Unlike physical records such as paper-based records, identifying, collecting, and analyzing digital records require technical knowledge ...
Keywords: Authenticity, Digital archive, Digital forensics, ERMS, Electronic records, Integrity
738
Access policy compliance testing in a user centric trust service infrastructure
Guglielmo De Angelis, Tom Kirkham, Sandra Winfield
September 2011
QASBA '11: Proceedings of the International Workshop on Quality Assurance for Service-Based Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.22 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 73,    Citation Count:

Access Policy compliance testing within a trust network helps ensure that the services available to users are reliable, secure and trustworthy. In the TAS3 project Access Policy testing is a vital function of the trust network in which users ...
Keywords: audit, on-line testing, service federation, trustworthiness in SOA, user centric
739
Self-similarity based lightweight intrusion detection method for cloud computing
Hyukmin Kwon, Taesu Kim, Song Jin Yu, Huy Kang Kim
April 2011
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information security is the key success factor to provide safe cloud computing services. Despite its usefulness and cost-effectiveness, public cloud computing service is hard to accept because there are many security concerns such as data leakage, unauthorized ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, cloud computing, information security, intrusion detection, lightweight, self-similarity
740
Liability in software engineering: overview of the LISE approach and illustration on a case study
Daniel Le Métayer, Manuel Maarek, Valérie Viet Triem Tong, Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Nicolas Craipeau, Stéphane Frénot, Ronan Hardouin
May 2010
ICSE '10: Proceedings of the 32nd ACM/IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering - Volume 1 , Volume 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (273.91 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 304,    Citation Count: 4

LISE is a multidisciplinary project involving lawyers and computer scientists with the aim to put forward a set of methods and tools to (1) define software liability in a precise and unambiguous way and (2) establish such liability in case of incident. ...
Keywords: contract, defects, evidence, formal methods, legal aspects, liability, specification
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  37   38   39   40   41    next    >>
741
Analysis of Computer Intrusions Using Sequences of Function Calls
Sean Peisert, Matt Bishop, Sidney Karin, Keith Marzullo
April 2007
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society Press
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

This paper demonstrates the value of analyzing sequences of function calls for forensic analysis. Although this approach has been used for intrusion detection (that is, determining that a system has been attacked), its value in isolating the cause and ...

Keywords: Security, forensic analysis, logging, auditing, intrusion detection, anomaly detection, management, design, unauthorized access (for example, hacking).
742
Domain name forensics: a systematic approach to investigating an internet presence
Bruce J. Nikkel
December 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Over the last few years the typical Internet presence has become a crowded outsourcing arrangement of multiple organizations dividing up the complexity of maintaining various parts of an infrastructure. Finding the parties responsible for the different ...
Keywords: DNS investigation, Digital forensics, Domain name forensics, Domain name investigation, Network forensics, Website investigation
743
Middleware support for auditing service process flows
Hakan Hacigümü?
November 2006
MW4SOC '06: Proceedings of the 1st workshop on Middleware for Service Oriented Computing (MW4SOC 2006)
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (141.53 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 394,    Citation Count: 0

The ever increasing security and privacy concerns require organizations to strictly comply with the regulations and the guidelines. Similar to any other part of an organization, it is necessary to conduct audits to determine whether the IT systems are ...
Keywords: auditing, middleware, privacy, security, service oriented computing
744
Honeynets aim to sting blackhats
Berni Dwan
September 2004
Network Security , Volume 2004 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Honeynets are purpose-built networks that aim to tempt hackers, crackers and other members of the blackhat community to attack them. This gives us a chance to learn more about their methods and so to build better defences. Berni Dwan spoke to three Honeynet ...
745
Gauging the risks of internet elections
Deborah M. Phillips, Hans A. von Spakovsky
January 2001
Communications of the ACM , Volume 44 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (35.52 KB),  PDF (159.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 2517,    Citation Count: 7
746
Is Privacy Supportive for Adaptive ICT Systems?
Sven Wohlgemuth
December 2014
iiWAS '14: Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (367.19 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

Adaptive ICT systems promise to improve resilience by re-using and sharing ICT services and information related to electronic identities and real-time requirements of business networking applications. The aim is to improve welfare and security of a society, ...
Keywords: Adaptive ICT System, Game Theory, IT Risk Management, Identity Management, Multilateral IT Security, Privacy, Resilience, Security
747
Bridging the Digital Divide: Use of Public Internet Kiosks in Mauritius
L.G. Pee, A. Kankanhalli, V.C.Y. On Show
January 2010
Journal of Global Information Management , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Subsidized ICT access is often provided in less-developed regions of the world to bridge the digital divide. While such efforts can be helpful, their effectiveness depends on targeted users' willingness to utilize the ICT provided. To better understand ...
Keywords: Digital Divide, Mauritius, Public Internet Kiosk, Technology Use
748
Casting votes in the auditorium
Daniel Sandler, Dan S. Wallach
August 2007
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

In elections employing electronic voting machines, we have observed that poor procedures, equipment failures, and honest mistakes pose a real threat to the accuracy of the final tally. The event logs kept by these machines can give auditors clues as ...
749
E-commerce security measures: are they worth it?
Avi Rushinek, Sara Rushinek
November 2002
Ubiquity , Volume 2002 Issue November
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Html (31.48 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 319,   Downloads (12 Months): 2849,   Downloads (Overall): 12172,    Citation Count: 0

Cost benefits of the security and systems management of electronic publishing Internet Web server subscription services and e-commerce.
750
Mobile optimized digital identity (MODI): a framework for easier digital certificate use
C. V. Malone, E. J. Barkie, B. L. Fletcher, N. Wei, A. Keren, A. Wyskida
November 2013
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 57 Issue 6
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Traditional authentication methods such as passwords no longer meet all the security requirements of today's enterprise. Digital certificates provide a much more secure, resilient alternative solution. However, digital certificates are cumbersome to ...
751
Efficient deployment of honeynets for statistical and forensic analysis of attacks from the internet
Stephan Riebach, Erwin P. Rathgeb, Birger Toedtmann
May 2005
NETWORKING'05: Proceedings of the 4th IFIP-TC6 international conference on Networking Technologies, Services, and Protocols; Performance of Computer and Communication Networks; Mobile and Wireless Communication Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The use of honeynets as a means to detect and observe attacks originating from the Internet as well as to allow forensic analysis is a technique that has received increasing attention in the research community. However, it has not yet been investigated ...
Keywords: forensics, honeynets, honeypots, security
752
Applying digital rights management systems to privacy rights management
Steve Kenny, Larry Korba
November 2002
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Disclaimer The views expressed by the authors of this article are their own and may not necessarily be taken to be those of either the Dutch Data Protection Authority or the National Research Council of Canada. Abstract While there are growing concerns ...
753
A privacy framework for mobile health and home-care systems
David Kotz, Sasikanth Avancha, Amit Baxi
November 2009
SPIMACS '09: Proceedings of the first ACM workshop on Security and privacy in medical and home-care systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (666.47 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 201,   Downloads (Overall): 1697,    Citation Count: 12

In this paper, we consider the challenge of preserving patient privacy in the context of mobile healthcare and home-care systems, that is, the use of mobile computing and communications technologies in the delivery of healthcare or the provision of at-home ...

Keywords: e-health, electronic health record, hipaa, home healthcare, medicine, mhealth, mobile healthcare, privacy framework
754
MEGA: A tool for Mac OS X operating system and application forensics
Robert A. Joyce, Judson Powers, Frank Adelstein
September 2008
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer forensic tools for Apple Mac hardware have traditionally focused on low-level file system details. Mac OS X and common applications on the Mac platform provide an abundance of information about the user's activities in configuration files, caches, ...
Keywords: Application analysis, Computer forensics, Disk image analysis, Mac OS X, Spotlight
755
Stealthy malware detection and monitoring through VMM-based “out-of-the-box” semantic view reconstruction
Xuxian Jiang, Xinyuan Wang, Dongyan Xu
February 2010
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (5.06 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 129,   Downloads (Overall): 1522,    Citation Count: 15

An alarming trend in recent malware incidents is that they are armed with stealthy techniques to detect, evade, and subvert malware detection facilities of the victim. On the defensive side, a fundamental limitation of traditional host-based antimalware ...

Keywords: Malware detection, rootkits, virtual machines
756
AAT: a tool for accessing and analysing students' behaviour data in learning systems
Sabine Graf, Cindy Ives, Nazim Rahman, Arnold Ferri
February 2011
LAK '11: Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Learning Analytics and Knowledge
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (172.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 94,   Downloads (Overall): 374,    Citation Count: 6

In online learning environments, teachers and course designers often get little feedback about how students actually interact with and learn in online courses. Most of the learning systems used by educational institutions store comprehensive log data ...
Keywords: academic analytics, data extraction and analysis, learning systems
757
Securing SQL Server: Protecting Your Database from Attackers, 2 edition
Denny Cherry
July 2012
Securing SQL Server: Protecting Your Database from Attackers, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.37 MB),  PDF (15.39 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 65,    Citation Count: 0

Securing SQL Server, Second Edition explores the potential attack vectors someone can use to break into your SQL Server database as well as how to protect your database from these attacks. Written by Denny Cherry, a Microsoft MVP for the SQL Server ...
758
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Anton Chuvakin, Kevin Schmidt, Chris Phillips
December 2012
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.00 MB),  PDF (12.41 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 155,    Citation Count: 0

Effectively analyzing large volumes of diverse logs can pose many challenges. Logging and Log Management helps to simplify this complex process using practical guidance and real-world examples. Packed with information you need to know for system, ...
759
How to Cheat at Deploying and Securing RFID
Frank Thornton
December 2007
How to Cheat at Deploying and Securing RFID
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (4.16 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 151,    Citation Count: 1

RFID is a method of remotely storing and receiving data using devices called RFID tags. RFID tags can be small adhesive stickers containing antennas that receive and respond to transmissions from RFID transmitters. RFID tags are used to identify and ...
Keywords: Security
760
Automated analysis of election audit logs
Patrick Baxter, Anne Edmundson, Keishla Ortiz, Ana Maria Quevedo, Samuel Rodríguez, Cynthia Sturton, David Wagner
August 2012
EVT/WOTE'12: Proceedings of the 2012 international conference on Electronic Voting Technology/Workshop on Trustworthy Elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The voting audit logs produced by electronic voting systems contain data that could be useful for uncovering procedural errors and election anomalies, but they are currently unwieldy and difficult for election officials to use in post-election audits. ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  38   39   40   41   42    next    >>
761
Assurance for federated identity management
Adrian Baldwin, Marco Casassa Mont, Yolanta Beres, Simon Shiu
December 2010
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 18 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Federated identity management is an emerging paradigm that is rightly getting a lot of standardization and research attention. One aspect that is not receiving enough attention is assurance. Given the challenges enterprises faced trying to demonstrate ...
Keywords: Identity management, assurance, audit, federation
762
A Log Analysis Audit Model Based on Optimized Clustering Algorithm
Hui Yu, Xingjian Shi
September 2007
NPC '07: Proceedings of the 2007 IFIP International Conference on Network and Parallel Computing Workshops (NPC 2007)
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In view of the problem how to detect the network unknown attacks, a security log analysis audit model based on optimized clustering algorithm is proposed in this paper. Since the main question which influence the clustering algorithm application in the ...
763
Seven Deadliest USB Attacks
Brian Anderson, Barbara Anderson
May 2010
Seven Deadliest USB Attacks
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.10 MB),  PDF (6.21 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 106,    Citation Count: 1

Do you need to keep up with the latest hacks, attacks, and exploits effecting USB technology? Then you need Seven Deadliest USB Attacks. This book pinpoints the most dangerous hacks and exploits specific to USB, laying out the anatomy of these attacks ...
764
Compliance complacency: How 'check-box' compliancy remains a pitfall for many organizations worldwide
J. Andrew Valentine
November 2010
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
765
Internet X.509 Public Key Infrastructure Certificate Policy and Certification Practices Framework
S. Chokhani, W. Ford, R. Sabett, C. Merrill, S. Wu
November 2003
Internet X.509 Public Key Infrastructure Certificate Policy and Certification Practices Framework
Publisher: RFC Editor
Full text available: Txt (228.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 105,    Citation Count: 11

This document presents a framework to assist the writers of certificate policies or certification practice statements for participants within public key infrastructures, such as certification authorities, policy authorities, and communities of interest ...
766
An evaluation platform for forensic memory acquisition software
Stefan Vömel, Johannes Stüttgen
August 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Memory forensics has gradually moved into the focus of researchers and practitioners alike in recent years. With an increasing effort to extract valuable information from a snapshot of a computer's RAM, the necessity to properly assess the respective ...
Keywords: Atomicity, Correctness, Evaluation, Forensic soundness, Integrity of a memory snapshot, Live forensics, Memory acquisition, Memory forensics, Metrics
767
An after-the-fact compute forensics investigation with ethical consequences: experience and recommendations
Robin M. Snyder
September 2005
InfoSecCD '05: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (207.33 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 320,    Citation Count: 0

Computer forensics involves determining facts after-the-fact. This paper describes an after-the-fact computer forensics investigation with ethical consequences. In particular, the incident involves two students that were caught cheating on an on-line ...
Keywords: case study, forensics, information security, information security education, security
768
Henry B. Wolfe - Presenting the Evidence Report: Presenting the Evidence Report
September 2003
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In our last column we took a look at encountering encrypted evidence. There is some additional information that has come to light since the last column. Hard wired keystroke loggers are available that can be installed within the target's own keyboard. ...
769
A Privacy-Considerate Framework for Identity Management in Mobile Services
José M. Álamo, Antonio M. Fernández, Rubén Trapero, Juan C. Yelmo, Miguel A. Monjas
August 2011
Mobile Networks and Applications , Volume 16 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: PDF (686.85 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 285,    Citation Count:

The subscribers' personal information and services that mobile operators are able to provide to Web developers offer new and exciting possibilities in numerous domains. However, bringing mobile information services to the Web to enable a new generation ...
Keywords: identity management, information sharing, mobile web, privacy management, service delivery, user-centricity
770
Microsoft Forefront Security Administration Guide
Jesse Varsalone, Jan Kanclirz
February 2008
Microsoft Forefront Security Administration Guide
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (71.42 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 84,    Citation Count: 0

Microsoft Forefront is a comprehensive suite of security products that will provide companies with multiple layers of defense against threats. Computer and Network Security is a paramount issue for companies in the global marketplace. Businesses can ...
Keywords: Operating Systems, Security
771
Using the structure of B+-trees for enhancing logging mechanisms of databases
Peter Kieseberg, Sebastian Schrittwieser, Lorcan Morgan, Martin Mulazzani, Markus Huber, Edgar Weippl
December 2011
iiWAS '11: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications and Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (752.05 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 78,    Citation Count:

Today's database management systems implement sophisticated access control mechanisms to prevent unauthorized access and modifications. This is, as an example, an important basic requirement for SOX (Sarbanes--Oxley Act) compliance, whereby every past ...
Keywords: B+ tree, database forensics, database log
772
In God we trust all others we monitor
Patrick Stewin, Jean-Pierre Seifert
October 2010
CCS '10: Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (555.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 543,    Citation Count: 1

Modern x86 platforms offer stealth capabilities, that are exploited by rootkits to hide malicious code as shown by the rootkit evolution. Recently, security researchers discovered a very powerful execution environment for rootkits that is isolated from ...
Keywords: IAMT, antivirus, covert communication channel, govware, intel x86, northbridge, remote forensic investigation software (RFIS), stealth federal trojan
773
Extending internet services Via LDAP
James E. Dutton
June 2000
ATEC '00: Proceedings of the annual conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This project report examines the use of an LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) V2 server to provide an easily accessible data storage facility. The main purpose of the LDAP database is to store related information based on a common thread such ...
774
A Formal Approach for the Forensic Analysis of Logs
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha
May 2006
Proceeding of the 2006 conference on New Trends in Software Methodologies, Tools and Techniques: Proceedings of the fifth SoMeT_06
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The increasing trend of computer crimes has intensified the relevance of cyber-forensics. In such a context, forensic analysis plays a major role by analyzing the evidence gathered from the crime scene and corroborating facts about the committed crime. ...

Keywords: Cyber Forensics, Formal Verification, Log Analysis, Logic, Semantics
775
Skill gaps and careers in IS compliance: implications for IS degree programs in the U.S.
Christina N. Outlay, Poornima Krishnan
May 2010
SIGMIS-CPR '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Special Interest Group on Management Information System's 48th annual conference on Computer personnel research on Computer personnel research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (407.23 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 259,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we describe the research questions and methodology for a study that will investigate the opportunities and skill gaps for IS workers in the field of IS compliance. IS compliance skills include knowledge of U.S. legislation - such as Sarbanes-Oxley ...
Keywords: information systems (IS) skills, information systems compliance, information systems curriculum
776
Ohmage: A General and Extensible End-to-End Participatory Sensing Platform
H. Tangmunarunkit, C. K. Hsieh, B. Longstaff, S. Nolen, J. Jenkins, C. Ketcham, J. Selsky, F. Alquaddoomi, D. George, J. Kang, Z. Khalapyan, J. Ooms, N. Ramanathan, D. Estrin
May 2015
Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (673.52 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 71,   Downloads (Overall): 71,    Citation Count: 0

Participatory sensing (PS) is a distributed data collection and analysis approach where individuals, acting alone or in groups, use their personal mobile devices to systematically explore interesting aspects of their lives and communities [Burke et al. ...
Keywords: Participatory sensing, citizen science, clinical research, data sharing, educational tool, experience sampling, mobile data collection, mobile sensing
777
Agents Network for Automatic Safety Check in Constructing Sites
Rocco Aversa, Beniamino Di Martino, Michele Di Natale, Salvatore Venticinque
April 2011
International Journal of Adaptive, Resilient and Autonomic Systems , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Compliance with safety standards in constructing sites is a mandatory activity that helps prevent a high number of fatalities during working activities. Unfortunately, because of negligence or limited resources, safety checks are not performed with regularity ...
Keywords: Constructing Sites, Distributed Agents, Human Safety, Pervasive Computing, RFID, Ubiquitous Applications
778
Mining system logs to learn error predictors: a case study of a telemetry system
Barbara Russo, Giancarlo Succi, Witold Pedrycz
August 2015
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 20 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Predicting system failures can be of great benefit to managers that get a better command over system performance. Data that systems generate in the form of logs is a valuable source of information to predict system reliability. As such, there is an increasing ...
Keywords: Classification and prediction of defective log sequences, Data mining, Information gain, Log analysis, Software maintenance, System logs
779
The impact of full disk encryption on digital forensics
Eoghan Casey, Gerasimos J. Stellatos
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (943.81 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 182,   Downloads (Overall): 2396,    Citation Count: 3

The integration of strong encryption into operating systems is creating challenges for forensic examiners, potentially preventing us from recovering any digital evidence from a computer. Because strong encryption cannot be circumvented without a key ...

Keywords: computer forensics, full disk encryption, live forensic acquisition, virtual forensic analysis
780
Log-based predictive maintenance
Ruben Sipos, Dmitriy Fradkin, Fabian Moerchen, Zhuang Wang
August 2014
KDD '14: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mp4 (4836847:7 MIN),  PDF (719.60 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 260,   Downloads (Overall): 260,    Citation Count: 0

Success of manufacturing companies largely depends on reliability of their products. Scheduled maintenance is widely used to ensure that equipment is operating correctly so as to avoid unexpected breakdowns. Such maintenance is often carried out separately ...
Keywords: crisp-dm, log mining, machine learning, predictive maintenance
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  39   40   41   42   43    next    >>
781
Economics and the cyber challenge
Simon Walker
February 2012
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 17 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Economics can be used as a tool to explain, describe, and to a certain extent predict many forms of human behaviour. However, there is only a limited body of work on its application to information security, much of which is acknowledged as partial or ...
782
Improving host security with system call policies
Niels Provos
August 2003
SSYM'03: Proceedings of the 12th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 12 , Volume 12
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 134

Many operating system services require special privilege to execute their tasks. A programming error in a privileged service opens the door to system compromise in the form of unauthorized acquisition of privileges. In the worst case, a remote attacker ...
783
Digital logs-proof matters
Erin E. Kenneally
June 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
784
Social Networks Analysis and Participation in Learning Environments to Digital Inclusion Based on Large-Scale Distance Education
Aleksandra do Socorro da Silva, Silvana Rossy de Brito, Dalton Lopes Martins, Nandamudi Lankalapalli Vijaykumar, Cláudio Alex Jorge da Rocha, João Crisóstomo Weyl Albuquerque Costa, Carlos Renato Lisboa Francês
April 2014
International Journal of Distance Education Technologies , Volume 12 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Evaluating and monitoring large-scale distance learning programs require different techniques, systems, and analysis methods. This work presents challenges in evaluating and monitoring digital inclusion training programs, considering the aspects inherent ...
Keywords: Bayesian Networks, Digital Inclusion, Distance Learning, Large-Scale Training, Social Network Analysis
785
The network from above and below
Patrick Brundell, Andrew Crabtree, Richard Mortier, Tom Rodden, Paul Tennent, Peter Tolmie
August 2011
W-MUST '11: Proceedings of the first ACM SIGCOMM workshop on Measurements up the stack
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (487.88 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 118,    Citation Count: 3

Recently, the HCI community has taken a strong interest in problems associated with networking. Many of those problems have also been the focus of much recent networking research, e.g., traffic identification, network management, access control. In this ...
Keywords: application identification, ethnographic fieldwork, home networks
786
Comprehensive rule-based compliance checking and risk management with process mining
Filip Caron, Jan Vanthienen, Bart Baesens
February 2013
Decision Support Systems , Volume 54 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Process mining researchers have primarily focused on developing and improving process discovery techniques, while attention for the applicability of process mining has been below par. As a result, there only exists a partial fit with the traditional ...
Keywords: Business rules, Compliance checking, Process mining, Process-aware information systems, Risk management
787
A roadmap towards improving managed security services from a privacy perspective
Nils Ulltveit-Moe
September 2014
Ethics and Information Technology , Volume 16 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper proposes a roadmap for how privacy leakages from outsourced managed security services using intrusion detection systems can be controlled. The paper first analyses the risk of leaking private or confidential information from signature-based ...
Keywords: Ethical awareness, Intrusion detection and prevention systems, Managed security services, Outsourcing, Privacy, Security
788
Anonymizing transaction databases for publication
Yabo Xu, Ke Wang, Ada Wai-Chee Fu, Philip S. Yu
August 2008
KDD '08: Proceeding of the 14th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (363.50 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 709,    Citation Count: 31

This paper considers the problem of publishing "transaction data" for research purposes. Each transaction is an arbitrary set of items chosen from a large universe. Detailed transaction data provides an electronic image of one's life. This has two implications. ...
Keywords: anonymity, data publishing, privacy, transaction database
789
CORGI: combination, organization and reconstruction through graphical interactions
Christopher Humphries, Nicolas Prigent, Christophe Bidan, Frédéric Majorczyk
November 2014
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (773.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 61,    Citation Count: 0

In this article, we present CORGI, a security-oriented log visualization tool that allows security experts to visually explore and link numerous types of log files through relevant representations and global filtering. The analyst can mark values as ...
Keywords: forensics, intrusion detection, visualization
790
Tools for worm experimentation on the DETER testbed
Songjie Wei, Alefiya Hussain, Jelena Mirkovic, Calvin Ko
July 2010
International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Worm experimentation is challenging for researchers today because of the lack of standardised tools to simulate and emulate worm spreads in a realistic setting. We have developed two tools for the DETER testbed to aid in worm experimentation: the ...
Keywords: LANs, communication networks, distributed systems, emulation, internet worms, local area networks, malware, network testbeds, simulation, worm defence, worm experimentation, worm propagation, worm spread
791
Virtual playgrounds for worm behavior investigation
Xuxian Jiang, Dongyan Xu, Helen J. Wang, Eugene H. Spafford
September 2005
RAID'05: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

To detect and defend against Internet worms, researchers have long hoped to have a safe convenient environment to unleash and run real-world worms for close observation of their infection, damage, and propagation. However, major challenges exist in realizing ...
Keywords: destructive experiments, internet worms, intrusion observation and analysis
792
Electronic prescription for controlled substances: a cybersecurity perspective
Samuel Tan, Rebecca Shapiro, Sean W. Smith
August 2013
HealthTech'13: Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX conference on Safety, Security, Privacy and Interoperability of Health Information Technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Electronic Prescription for Controlled Substances (EPCS) is a set of rules published by the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) that regulates implementations of electronic prescription systems for controlled substances [1]. EPCS includes requirements ...
793
DSS for computer security incident response applying CBR and collaborative response
Huy Kang Kim, Kwang Hyuk Im, Sang Chan Park
January 2010
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Recently, as hacking attempts increase dramatically; most enterprises are forced to employ some safeguards for hacking proof. For example, firewall or IPS (Intrusion Prevention System) selectively accepts the incoming packets, and IDS (Intrusion Detection ...

Keywords: Anomaly detection, CBR (case based reasoning), Decision support system, Expert system, Log analysis, Misuse detection, RFM analysis methodology, System security
794
Development & expansion of an industrial control system security laboratory and an international research collaboration
Rayford B. Vaughn, Thomas Morris, Elena Sitnikova
January 2013
CSIIRW '13: Proceedings of the Eighth Annual Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research Workshop
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (183.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 137,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper, we describe the incremental building of a unique industrial control system laboratory designed to investigate security vulnerabilities and to support development of mitigating tools and techniques. The laboratory has been built over time ...
Keywords: SCADA, critical infrastructure security, industrial control systems, test bed
795
Data base support for intrusion detection with honeynets
Richard A. Wasniowski
March 2007
TELE-INFO'07: Proceedings of the 6th WSEAS Int. Conference on Telecommunications and Informatics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

As computer attacks are becoming more and more difficult to identify the need for better and more efficient intrusion detection systems increases. The main problem with current intrusion detection systems is high rate of false alarms. In this paper we ...

Keywords: database, false alarm, honeynets, honeypot, intrusion detection, snort
796
Secrets Stolen, Fortunes Lost: Preventing Intellectual Property Theft and Economic Espionage in the 21st Century
Christopher Burgess, Richard Power
March 2008
Secrets Stolen, Fortunes Lost: Preventing Intellectual Property Theft and Economic Espionage in the 21st Century
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (2.40 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 0

The threats of economic espionage and intellectual property (IP) theft are global, stealthy, insidious, and increasingly common. According to the U.S. Commerce Department, IP theft is estimated to top $250 billion annually and also costs the United States ...
Keywords: Security
797
Security for Microsoft Windows System Administrators: Introduction to Key Information Security Concepts
Derrick Rountree
October 2010
Security for Microsoft Windows System Administrators: Introduction to Key Information Security Concepts
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (7.14 MB),  PDF (19.97 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 72,    Citation Count: 0

It's no longer just a buzz word: "Security" is an important part of your job as a Systems Administrator. Most security books are aimed at security professionals, but Security for System Administrators is written for System Administrators. This book covers ...
798
Discovering role-based virtual knowledge flows for organizational knowledge support
Duen-Ren Liu, Chih-Wei Lin, Hui-Fang Chen
April 2013
Decision Support Systems , Volume 55 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In knowledge-intensive work environments, workers need task-relevant knowledge and documents to support the execution of tasks. A knowledge flow (KF) represents an individual's or group's knowledge-needs and referencing behavior of codified knowledge ...
Keywords: Knowledge flow, Knowledge flow view, Knowledge management, Knowledge support, Ontology, Role
799
Cyberwarfare: connecting the dots in cyber intelligence
Sanjay Goel
August 2011
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (7.12 KB),  PDF (2.64 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 403,   Downloads (Overall): 3228,    Citation Count: 1

Perpetrators and victims usually act as if it never happened, while the evidence is designed to erase itself. Cyberwarfare is a potent weapon in political conflicts, espionage, and propaganda. Difficult to detect a priori, it is often recognized only ...
800
Using agent technologies to correlate and compare anti-malware software
Kellie Kercher, Dale C. Rowe, Haley Dennis
October 2013
RIIT '13: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Research in information technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (439.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 0

Malware is a fast growing threat that consists of software used to disrupt, or impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of a user's computer experience. Antivirus software can help protect a user against these threats. There are numerous ...
Keywords: agent technology, malware, peer reporting
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  40   41   42   43   44    next    >>
801
Memory Dump Analysis Anthology, Volume 8a
Dmitry Vostokov / Software Diagnostics Institute
December 2014
Memory Dump Analysis Anthology, Volume 8a
Publisher: Opentask
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Contains revised, edited, cross-referenced, and thematically organized selected articles from Software Diagnostics Institute (DumpAnalysis.org + TraceAnalysis.org) and Software Diagnostics Library (former Crash Dump Analysis blog, DumpAnalysis.org/blog) ...
802
Meta-informatics and ethical issues in computing
William M. Fleischman
June 2006
ITICSE '06: Proceedings of the 11th annual SIGCSE conference on Innovation and technology in computer science education
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (206.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 515,    Citation Count: 2

This paper deals with aspects of teaching a course on ethical issues in computer science for third- and fourth-year computer science and computer engineering majors. In addition to engineering concerns - soft and hard - our recent discussions have increasingly ...

Keywords: computing in public education, digital divide, surveillance

Also published in:
September 2006 SIGCSE Bulletin Volume 38 Issue 3
803
The other side of privacy: surveillance in data control
Rula Sayaf, Dave Clarke, James B. Rule
July 2015
British HCI '15: Proceedings of the 2015 British HCI Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (848.63 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 15,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy and surveillance take on new forms through social software technologies. Privacy may not be achieved by being let alone, rather, by choosing a group of people whom are trusted with one's data. Similarly, surveillance takes the form of monitoring ...
Keywords: data control, privacy, privacy as control, social software, surveillance, the EU data protection directive
804
Security requirements for e-government services: a methodological approach for developing a common PKI-based security policy
Costas Lambrinoudakis, Stefanos Gritzalis, Fredj Dridi, GüNther Pernul
October 2003
Computer Communications , Volume 26 Issue 16
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The concept of one-stop on-line government is not science fiction any more. On the contrary, the high reliability and performance of communication links, combined with architectural models that facilitate transparent access to distributed computational ...
Keywords: Public Key Infrastructure, Security requirements, e-Government
805
Liability issues in software engineering: the use of formal methods to reduce legal uncertainties
Daniel Le Métayer, Manuel Maarek, Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Stéphane Frénot, Valérie Viet Triem Tong, Nicolas Craipeau, Ronan Hardouin
April 2011
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (1.72 KB),  PDF (340.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 809,    Citation Count: 2

This paper reports on the results of a multidisciplinary project involving lawyers and computer scientists with the aim to put forward a set of methods and tools to (1) define software liability in a precise and unambiguous way and (2) establish such ...
806
Support for remote usability evaluation of web mobile applications
Tonio Carta, Fabio Paternò, Vagner Santana
October 2011
SIGDOC '11: Proceedings of the 29th ACM international conference on Design of communication
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (931.32 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 313,    Citation Count:

Usability evaluation of Web sites is still a difficult and time-consuming task, often performed manually. This paper presents a tool that supports remote usability evaluation of Web sites accessed through mobile devices. The tool considers client-side ...
Keywords: log analysis, remote evaluation, tools for usability evaluation
807
Identifying the provenance of correlated anomalies
Dawood Tariq, Basim Baig, Ashish Gehani, Salman Mahmood, Rashid Tahir, Azeem Aqil, Fareed Zaffar
March 2011
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (533.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count:

Identifying when anomalous activity is correlated in a distributed system is useful for a range of applications from intrusion detection to tracking quality of service. The more specific the logs, the more precise the analysis they allow. However, collecting ...
Keywords: anomalies, correlation, detection, distributed, grid, lineage, monitoring, provenance
808
Physical access control administration using building information models
Nimalaprakasan Skandhakumar, Farzad Salim, Jason Reid, Ed Dawson
December 2012
CSS'12: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cyberspace Safety and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Physical access control systems play a central role in the protection of critical infrastructures, where both the provision of timely access and preserving the security of sensitive areas are paramount. In this paper we discuss the shortcomings of existing ...
809
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Karen Kent, Murugiah P. Souppaya
September 2006
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.56 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 106,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 4

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) developed this doocument in furtherance of its statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. This publication seeks to assist ...
Keywords: Computer security log management, FISMA, log management
810
Using Visualization in System and Network Administration
Doug Hughes
October 1996
LISA '96: Proceedings of the 10th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Unix systems have numerous tools that generate copious amounts of data about performance, security, process status, networking and sundry other things; this usually results in the output of raw numbers or text. Visualization of this data can lead to ...
811
Patient responsibility reallocation: a user-centered approach to support nurses' handling of nurse calls
Joakim Klemets, Katrien De Moor
July 2015
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 19 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: PDF (1.14 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 3,    Citation Count: 0

A central part of nurses' work at a hospital department is to respond to nurse calls issued by patients in need of assistance. In the highly dynamic work environment, where nurses need to continuously shift focus and handle interruptions, managing nurse ...
Keywords: Collaboration, Healthcare, Human---computer interaction, Nurse call system, Pervasive technology, User-centered design
812
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning for IT Professionals, 2 edition
Susan Snedaker
September 2013
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning for IT Professionals, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.86 MB),  PDF (5.84 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 46,   Downloads (12 Months): 105,   Downloads (Overall): 105,    Citation Count: 0

Powerful Earthquake Triggers Tsunami in Pacific. Hurricane Isaac Makes Landfall in the Gulf Coast. Wildfires Burn Hundreds of Houses and Businesses in Colorado. Tornado Touches Down in Missouri. These headlines not only have caught the attention of people ...
813
Encrypted watermarks and linux laptop security
Markku-Juhani O. Saarinen
August 2004
WISA'04: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Information Security Applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The most common way to implement full-disk encryption (as opposed to encrypted file systems) in the GNU/Linux operating system is using the encrypted loop device, known as CryptoLoop. We demonstrate clear weaknesses in the current CBC-based implementation ...
814
Active cyber defense with denial and deception: A cyber-wargame experiment
Kristin E. Heckman, Michael J. Walsh, Frank J. Stech, Todd A. O'boyle, Stephen R. Dicato, Audra F. Herber
September 2013
Computers and Security , Volume 37
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In January 2012, MITRE performed a real-time, red team/blue team cyber-wargame experiment. This presented the opportunity to blend cyber-warfare with traditional mission planning and execution, including denial and deception tradecraft. The cyber-wargame ...
Keywords: Authentication, Computer security, Counterdeception, Deception, Denial, Wargame
815
Mining web navigations for intelligence
Harris Wu, Michael Gordon, Kurtis DeMaagd, Weiguo Fan
March 2006
Decision Support Systems , Volume 41 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

The Internet is one of the fastest growing areas of intelligence gathering. We present a statistical approach, called principal clusters analysis, for analyzing millions of user navigations on the Web. This technique identifies prominent navigation clusters ...

Keywords: Information overload, Intelligence, Mining, Navigation analysis, Principal clusters analysis, Trend analysis, Web community
816
SP 800-137. Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Kelley L. Dempsey, Nirali Shah Chawla, L. Arnold Johnson, Ronald Johnston, Alicia Clay Jones, Angela D. Orebaugh, Matthew A. Scholl, Kevin M. Stine
September 2011
SP 800-137. Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (980.76 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 78,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this guideline is to assist organizations in the development of a continuous monitoring strategy and the implementation of a continuous monitoring program providing visibility into organizational assets, awareness of threats and vulnerabilities, ...
Keywords: Continuous monitoring, ISCM, information security, risk management, security
817
An overview of web mining in education
Alexandros Kleftodimos, Georgios Evangelidis
September 2013
PCI '13: Proceedings of the 17th Panhellenic Conference on Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (254.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 173,   Downloads (Overall): 352,    Citation Count: 0

This paper provides an overview of the advances on web mining in the domain of education by categorizing research on the field using the web-mining taxonomy: web content, web usage and web structure mining. Previous reviews focused on data mining methods ...
Keywords: data mining, education, web mining
818
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Eric D. Knapp
September 2011
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.05 MB),  PDF (12.13 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count: 1

For a decade now we have been hearing the same thing-that our critical infrastructure is vulnerable and it needs to be secured. Industrial Network Security examines the unique protocols and applications that are the foundation of industrial control ...
819
Two-phase data warehouse optimized for data mining
Balázs Rácz, Csaba István Sidló, András Lukács, András A. Benczúr
September 2006
BIRTE'06: Proceedings of the 1st international conference on Business intelligence for the real-time enterprises
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose a new, heterogeneous data warehouse architecture where a first phase traditional relational OLAP warehouse coexist with a second phase data in compressed form optimized for data mining. Aggregations and metadata for the entire time frame are ...
820
Privacy-preserving location tracking of lost or stolen devices: cryptographic techniques and replacing trusted third parties with DHTs
Thomas Ristenpart, Gabriel Maganis, Arvind Krishnamurthy, Tadayoshi Kohno
July 2008
SS'08: Proceedings of the 17th conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

We tackle the problem of building privacy-preserving device-tracking systems--or private methods to assist in the recovery of lost or stolen Internet-connected mobile devices. The main goals of such systems are seemingly contradictory: to hide the device's ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  41   42   43   44   45    next    >>
821
Compliance Deconstructed
J. C. Cannon, Marilee Byers
September 2006
Queue , Volume 4 Issue 7
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (15.77 KB),  PDF (934.42 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 110,   Downloads (12 Months): 883,   Downloads (Overall): 10424,    Citation Count: 9

The topic of compliance becomes increasingly complex each year. Dozens of regulatory requirements can affect a company’s business processes. Moreover, these requirements are often vague and confusing. When those in charge of compliance are ...
822
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
August 2008
KDD '08: Proceeding of the 14th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (222.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 480,    Citation Count: 8

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns. Though interesting, these patterns reveal local associations and fail to give a comprehensive summary of the ...
Keywords: dynamic programming, event sequences, log mining, minimum description length, summarization
823
A latent class modeling approach to detect network intrusion
Yun Wang, Inyoung Kim, Gaston Mbateng, Shih-Yieh Ho
December 2006
Computer Communications , Volume 30 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

This study presents a latent class modeling approach to examine network traffic data when labeled abnormal events are absent in training data, or such events are insufficient to fit a conventional regression model. Using six anomaly-associated risk factors ...

Keywords: Classification, Computer security, Intrusion detection, Latent class model, Machine learning
824
Security in grid computing: A review and synthesis
Erin Cody, Raj Sharman, Raghav H. Rao, Shambhu Upadhyaya
March 2008
Decision Support Systems , Volume 44 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

This paper provides an extensive survey of the different methods of addressing security issues in the grid computing environment, and specifically contributes to the research environment by developing a comprehensive framework for classification of these ...

Keywords: Grid computing, Information assurance, Security, Survey and synthesis
825
The role of operating systems in computer forensics
Ewa Huebner, Frans Henskens
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (570.42 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 1070,    Citation Count: 1

Computer forensics is a multidisciplinary field concerned with the examination of computer systems which have been involved in criminal activity, either as an object or a tool of a crime. The aim of the investigator is to find information relevant to ...
826
Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools, 1st edition
Cory Altheide, Harlan Carvey
April 2011
Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.34 MB),  PDF (6.83 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 127,   Downloads (Overall): 198,    Citation Count: 2

Digital Forensics with Open Source Tools is the definitive book on investigating and analyzing computer systems and media using open source tools. The book is a technical procedural guide, and explains the use of these tools on Linux and Windows systems ...
827
Reliable evidence: auditability by typing
Nataliya Guts, Cédric Fournet, Francesco Zappa Nardelli
September 2009
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Many protocols rely on audit trails to allow an impartial judge to verify a posteriori some property of a protocol run. However, in current practice the choice of what data to log is left to the programmer's intuition, and there is no guarantee that ...
828
Analysis of execution log files
Meiyappan Nagappan
May 2010
ICSE '10: Proceedings of the 32nd ACM/IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering - Volume 2 , Volume 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (149.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 401,    Citation Count:

Log analysis can be used to find problems, define operational profiles, and even pro-actively prevent issues. The goal of my dissertation research is to investigate log management and analysis techniques suited for very large and very complex logs, such ...
Keywords: analysis of textual data, diagnosis, fault isolation, log files
829
The interplay among software volatility, complexity and development outcomes: evidence from open source software
Jorge A. Colazo
April 2015
International Journal of Information Technology and Management , Volume 14 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The study posits a mediating role of software complexity in the association between software volatility and different software development outcomes. Empirical tests using data from 326 open source software projects support such a partial mediating role ...
830
SP 800-61 Rev. 1. Computer Security Incident Handling Guide
Karen A. Scarfone, Timothy Grance, Kelly Masone
March 2008
SP 800-61 Rev. 1. Computer Security Incident Handling Guide
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.64 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 37,   Downloads (12 Months): 508,   Downloads (Overall): 803,    Citation Count: 1

Computer security incident response has become an important component of information technology (IT) programs. Security-related threats have become not only more numerous and diverse but also more damaging and disruptive. An incident response capability ...
Keywords: Computer security incident, incident handling, incident response, threats, vulnerabilities
831
Passwords: Are passwords dead?
Bruce Potter
September 2005
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Over the last 30 years of information security, there has been one constant protection mechanism deployed on systems all over the world: passwords. Be it your four digit automatic teller machine PIN, your eight character Windows workstation password, ...
832
Investigating sophisticated security breaches
Eoghan Casey
February 2006
Communications of the ACM , Volume 49 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (34.92 KB),  PDF (132.55 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 4123,    Citation Count: 6

Sophisticated intruders take full advantage of the lack of forensic readiness. To respond more effectively to such attacks, computer security professionals and digital investigators must combine talents and work together.
833
Engaging undergraduates in computer security research
John B. Bowles, Caroline M. Eastman, Csilla Farkas
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (68.03 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 286,    Citation Count: 1

Involving undergraduates in research projects in information assurance and computer security can provide valuable experiences complementing their more formal coursework. We have used several mechanisms, such as regular semester courses, directed studies, ...
Keywords: security education, security research
834
Security Views: Security views
Eugene Schultz
December 2003
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
835
Collaborative use of individual search histories
Anita Komlodi, Wayne G. Lutters
January 2008
Interacting with Computers , Volume 20 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Interaction history tools record interactions between users and systems, allowing users to annotate, edit, and replay their activities. Search history tools, a class of interaction history recorders, preserve search, browse, and other information-seeking ...

Keywords: Awareness, CSCW, Coordination, HCI, Interaction histories, Search histories
836
Auditing to keep online storage services honest
Mehul A. Shah, Mary Baker, Jeffrey C. Mogul, Ram Swaminathan
May 2007
HOTOS'07: Proceedings of the 11th USENIX workshop on Hot topics in operating systems
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 30

A growing number of online service providers offer to store customers' photos, email, file system backups, and other digital assets. Currently, customers cannot make informed decisions about the risk of losing data stored with any particular service ...
837
Towards improved privacy policy coverage in healthcare using policy refinement
Rafae Bhatti, Tyrone Grandison
September 2007
SDM'07: Proceedings of the 4th VLDB conference on Secure data management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

It is now mandatory for healthcare organizations to specify and publish their privacy policies. This has made privacy management initiatives in the healthcare sector increasingly important. However, several recent reports in the public media and the ...

Keywords: HIPAA, compliance, healthcare, privacy management, refinement
838
DevOps patterns to scale web applications using cloud services
Daniel Cukier
October 2013
SPLASH '13: Proceedings of the 2013 companion publication for conference on Systems, programming, & applications: software for humanity
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.09 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 194,   Downloads (Overall): 355,    Citation Count: 0

Scaling a web applications can be easy for simple CRUD software running when you use Platform as a Service Clouds (PaaS). But if you need to deploy a complex software, with many components and a lot users, you will need have a mix of cloud services in ...
Keywords: APIs, AWS, ELB, ELO7, IAAS, S3, SAAS, cloud, cloud computing, devops, email, load balancing, paas, rest, scalability, scalable, tomcat, web services
839
Automated inference of past action instances in digital investigations
Joshua I. James, Pavel Gladyshev
June 2015
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As the amount of digital devices suspected of containing digital evidence increases, case backlogs for digital investigations are also increasing in many organizations. To ensure timely investigation of requests, this work proposes the use of signature-based ...
Keywords: Action-trace update pattern detection, Automated inference, Automatic event reconstruction, Digital forensic investigations, Signature analysis
840
What is actually taking place on web sites: e-commerce lessons from web server logs
Mark Rosenstein
October 2000
EC '00: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM conference on Electronic commerce
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (257.12 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 877,    Citation Count: 5

Keywords: case studies, graphical analysis, html, http, user interaction, visualization, web server logs
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  42   43   44   45   46    next    >>
841
Ideal log setting for database forensics reconstruction
Oluwasola Mary Adedayo, Martin S. Olivier
March 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The ability to reconstruct the data stored in a database at an earlier time is an important aspect of database forensics. Past research shows that the log file in a database can be useful for reconstruction. However, in many database systems there are ...
Keywords: Database forensics, Database management system, Digital forensics, Ideal log setting, Reconstruction
842
Adding value to log event correlation using distributed techniques
Justin Myers, Michael R. Grimaila, Robert F. Mills
April 2010
CSIIRW '10: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (76.23 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 248,    Citation Count:

Log management and monitoring activities have traditionally proved very useful in detecting system and network faults. Increasingly, log monitoring has also been recognized for its value in detecting and thwarting malicious behavior on systems and the ...
Keywords: common event expression, event correlation, insider threat, insider threat detection, log management, web server logs
843
Analyzing network-aware active wardens in IPv6
Grzegorz Lewandowski, Norka B. Lucena, Steve J. Chapin
July 2006
IH'06: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on Information hiding
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A crucial security practice is the elimination of network covert channels. Recent research in IPv6 discovered that there exist, at least, 22 different covert channels, suggesting the use of advanced active wardens as an appropriate countermeasure. The ...

Keywords: active mappers, active wardens, covert channels, evasion attacks, network-aware, stateful, stateless, traffic analysis, traffic normalizers
844
Trustworthy middleware services in the cloud
Imad M. Abbadi, Mina Deng, Marco Nalin, Andrew Martin, Milan Petkovic, Ilaria Baroni, Alberto Sanna
October 2011
CloudDB '11: Proceedings of the third international workshop on Cloud data management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (940.37 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 454,    Citation Count:

Establishing trust in systems is a difficult problem to tackle. In the Cloud, establishing trust is even more complicated considering its dynamic nature and distributed resources. One of the Cloud's potential feature is providing transparent management ...
Keywords: cloud computing, establishing trust in clouds, home healthcare, middleware services
845
Information rich monitoring of interoperating services in privacy enabled B2B networks
Liam Peyton, Chintan Doshi, Jun Hu, Pierre Seguin
August 2010
International Journal of Advanced Media and Communication , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We examine how the Liberty Alliance framework for a privacy-enabled Business to Business (B2B) network of interoperating services called a 'Circle of Trust' (CoT) can be leveraged to monitor activity across the entire network ...
Keywords: B2B networks, Circle of Trust, CoT, Liberty Alliance, activity monitoring, audit trail, business, business-to-, consumer activity, content usage, data collection, data mining, e-commerce, electronic commerce, interoperating services, privacy
846
Factors affecting the selection of search tactics: Tasks, knowledge, process, and systems
Iris Xie, Soohyung Joo
March 2012
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 48 Issue 2
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This study investigated whether and how different factors in relation to task, user-perceived knowledge, search process, and system affect users' search tactic selection. Thirty-one participants, representing the general public with their own tasks, ...
Keywords: Factors, IR systems, Search process, Search tactics, Tasks, User knowledge
847
An experimental study on the measurement of data sensitivity
Youngja Park, Stephen C. Gates, Wilfried Teiken, Pau-Chen Cheng
April 2011
BADGERS '11: Proceedings of the First Workshop on Building Analysis Datasets and Gathering Experience Returns for Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (402.69 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 177,    Citation Count:

Data-centric security proposes to leverage the business value of data to determine the level of overall IT security. It has gained much enthusiasm from the security community, but has not materialized into a practical security system. In this paper, ...
848
A system for the proactive, continuous, and efficient collection of digital forensic evidence
Clay Shields, Ophir Frieder, Mark Maloof
August 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The historical focus of forensics research and tools on digital systems that are seized from a suspect misses the fact that in centrally controlled networks it is possible to proactively and continuously collect evidence in advance of any known need. ...
Keywords: Deleted file logging, Evidence collection, File similarity, Proactive forensics, Search
849
Honeynet based distributed adaptive network forensics and active real time investigation
Wei Ren, Hai Jin
March 2005
SAC '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (159.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1007,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics and honeynet systems have the same features of collecting information about the computer misuses. Honeynet system can lure attackers and gain information about new types of intrusions. Network forensics system can analysis and reconstruct ...
Keywords: computer forensics, digital forensics, honeynet, network, network forensics, network security
850
Information security obedience: a definition
Kerry-Lynn Thomson, Rossouw Von Solms
February 2005
Computers and Security , Volume 24 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Information is a fundamental asset within any organisation and the protection of this asset, through a process of information security, is of equal importance. This paper examines the relationships that exist between the fields of corporate governance, ...
Keywords: Corporate culture, Corporate governance, Information security, Information security obedience
851
Beehive: large-scale log analysis for detecting suspicious activity in enterprise networks
Ting-Fang Yen, Alina Oprea, Kaan Onarlioglu, Todd Leetham, William Robertson, Ari Juels, Engin Kirda
December 2013
ACSAC '13: Proceedings of the 29th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (378.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 29,   Downloads (12 Months): 223,   Downloads (Overall): 446,    Citation Count: 1

As more and more Internet-based attacks arise, organizations are responding by deploying an assortment of security products that generate situational intelligence in the form of logs. These logs often contain high volumes of interesting and useful information ...
852
In lieu of swap: Analyzing compressed RAM in Mac OS X and Linux
Golden G. Richard, III, Andrew Case
August 2014
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The forensics community is increasingly embracing the use of memory analysis to enhance traditional storage-based forensics techniques, because memory analysis yields a wealth of information not available on non-volatile storage. Memory analysis involves ...
Keywords: Compressed RAM, Digital forensics, Live forensics, Memory analysis, Virtual memory
853
TimeCapsule: secure recording of accesses to a protected datastore
Srinivas Krishnan, Fabian Monrose
November 2009
VMSec '09: Proceedings of the 1st ACM workshop on Virtual machine security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (760.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 1

We present an approach for transparently recording accesses to protected storage. In particular, we provide a framework for data monitoring in a virtualized environment using only the abstractions exposed by the hypervisor. To achieve our goals, we explore ...

Keywords: data forensics, security, virtualization
854
Filesystem activity following a SSH compromise: an empirical study of file sequences
Jesus Molina, Xavier Chorin, Michel Cukier
November 2007
ICISC'07: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Information security and cryptology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A common method used to detect intrusions is monitoring filesystem data. Once a computer is compromised, an attacker may alter files, add new files or delete existing ones. Attackers may target any part of the filesystem, including metadata along with ...

Keywords: SSH compromises, filesystem data, host intrusion detection systems, intrusion detection systems evaluation
855
Building disclosure risk aware query optimizers for relational databases
Mustafa Canim, Murat Kantarcioglu, Bijit Hore, Sharad Mehrotra
September 2010
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 3 Issue 1-2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (733.38 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 127,    Citation Count:

Many DBMS products in the market provide built in encryption support to deal with the security concerns of the organizations. This solution is quite effective in preventing data leakage from compromised/stolen storage devices. However, recent studies ...
856
Model-driven business process security requirement specification
Christian Wolter, Michael Menzel, Andreas Schaad, Philip Miseldine, Christoph Meinel
April 2009
Journal of Systems Architecture: the EUROMICRO Journal , Volume 55 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

Various types of security goals, such as authentication or confidentiality, can be defined as policies for service-oriented architectures, typically in a manual fashion. Therefore, we foster a model-driven transformation approach from modelled security ...

Keywords: Access control, Business process, Model transformation, Security annotations, Web service security
857
Perceived Audit Quality from ERP Implementations
Pratim Datta, Joseph Nwankpa
January 2012
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 25 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Today's organizational information technology IT landscape is dominated by ERP systems. These systems are typically known to bring changes within the organization. Past studies have focused on the technical perspective-the idea of integrating organizational ...
Keywords: Audit Process, Audit Quality, Enterprise Resource Planning ERP, Information System Auditor, Information Technology
858
Cloud Computing: Theory and Practice, 1st edition
Dan C. Marinescu
June 2013
Cloud Computing: Theory and Practice, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (8.66 MB),  PDF (13.83 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 50,   Downloads (12 Months): 416,   Downloads (Overall): 581,    Citation Count: 1

Cloud Computing: Theory and Practice provides students and IT professionals with an in-depth analysis of the cloud from the ground up. Beginning with a discussion of parallel computing and architectures and distributed systems, the book turns to contemporary ...
859
Trail of Bytes: New Techniques for Supporting Data Provenance and Limiting Privacy Breaches
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
December 2012
IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security , Volume 7 Issue 6
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast amounts of data has ...
860
Distributed proxies for browsing privacy: a simulation of flocks
Martin S. Olivier
July 2005
SAICSIT '05: Proceedings of the 2005 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: PDF (134.83 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count: 3

In previous work we introduced an anonymising proxy scheme --- called Flocks --- to be used for browsing privacy. Flocks is similar to Crowds in that each proxy randomly decides whether to forward any request it receives to the destination Web server, ...
Keywords: personal privacy, privacy architecture, privacy-enhancing technologies
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  43   44   45   46   47    next    >>
861
An autonomic approach for managing security and identity management policies in enterprises
Alan Ganek, Anthony Nadalin, Nataraj Nagaratnam, Dinesh Verma
July 2006
Journal of High Speed Networks , Volume 15 Issue 3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Policy driven management of secure applications and solutions is emerging as a key concept in meeting the requirements of an on demand enterprise vision. In any enterprise, there are various people acting in specific roles who contribute to the modeling, ...
Keywords: Autonomic Systems, Policy Lifecycle, Security And Identity Policies
862
The application of i-voting for estonian parliamentary elections of 2011
Sven Heiberg, Peeter Laud, Jan Willemson
September 2011
VoteID'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on E-Voting and Identity
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Estonia has implemented internet voting as a method to participate in various types of elections since 2005. In Riigikogu (parliament) Elections of 2011, over 140,000 voters used the internet voting method. The share of votes cast over the internet among ...
863
Project neuromancer
Jim Waldo, Tim Blackman, Jane Loizeaux, Bob Sproull, Michael Warres, Ann Wollrath
March 2007
Project neuromancer
Publisher: Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (338.20 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count:

From October, 2004 until July, 2006 project Neuromancer investigated the infrastructure needed to build large-scale telemetry networks. The particular application that was targeted assumed that there would soon be low-cost, widely available medical sensors. ...
864
Toward an RFID Scheme for Secure Material Flow Tracing and Verification in Supply Chains
Yanjun Zuo
October 2013
International Journal of Handheld Computing Research , Volume 4 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Radio Frequency Identification RFID is an important wireless communication and pervasive computing technique used for automatic item identification and data capture. In this paper, we present a scheme for securely tracing material flow in supply chains ...
Keywords: Analysis, Protocol, Radio Frequency Identification RFID, Security, Supply Chain
865
Security for mobile and cloud frontiers in healthcare
David Kotz, Kevin Fu, Carl Gunter, Avi Rubin
July 2015
Communications of the ACM , Volume 58 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (20.21 KB),  PDF (631.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 17,    Citation Count: 0

Designers and developers of healthcare information technologies must address preexisting security vulnerabilities and undiagnosed future threats.
866
Identifying statistical failure mechanism of web server systems: measurement and reliability analysis
T. Fujii, T. Dohi
January 2010
International Journal of Business Intelligence and Data Mining , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Failure phenomena of web server systems are considered to depend on their workload characteristics. In this paper we focus on the Apache server system and analyse the real access&#47;error logs. Based on parametric and non-parametric statistics, ...

Keywords: data analysis, fit test, goodness-of-, measurement, reliability estimation, request based analysis, session-based analysis, web server failure, web servers
867
Provenance-Aware Tracing ofWorm Break-in and Contaminations: A Process Coloring Approach
Xuxian Jiang, AAron Walters, Dongyan Xu, Eugene H. Spafford, Florian Buchholz, Yi-Min Wang
July 2006
ICDCS '06: Proceedings of the 26th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

To investigate the exploitation and contamination by self-propagating Internet worms, a provenance-aware tracing mechanism is highly desirable. Provenance unawareness causes difficulties in fast, accurate identification of a worm's break-in point, and ...
868
Brooery: a graphical environment for analysis of security-relevant network activity
Christian Kreibich
April 2005
ATEC '05: Proceedings of the annual conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We present the design and implementation of the Brooery, a system for graphical analysis of network activity reported by instances of the Bro intrusion detection system. It supports multiple input streams and provides a web-based graphical user interface ...
869
Privacy Engineering for Digital Rights Management Systems
Joan Feigenbaum, Michael J. Freedman, Tomas Sander, Adam Shostack
November 2001
DRM '01: Revised Papers from the ACM CCS-8 Workshop on Security and Privacy in Digital Rights Management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 16
870
Evolving Challenges to the Development and Assessment of Information Literacy Education for Online Safety in Japan
Nagayuki Saito, Ema Tanaka, Eri Yatsuzuka
October 2013
Journal of Cases on Information Technology , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Seeking a safer Internet environment for minors, the Japanese government enacted a new law in 2008 to promote both protective measures and empowerment activities. Under the act, many entities, including newly established non-profit organizations NPOs, ...
Keywords: Information Technology IT, Japan Internet Safety Promotion Association JISPA, Non-Profit Organizations NPOs, Online Safety, Safer Internet Environment
871
Experiences in the logical specification of the HIPAA and GLBA privacy laws
Henry DeYoung, Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Dilsun Kaynar, Anupam Datta
October 2010
WPES '10: Proceedings of the 9th annual ACM workshop on Privacy in the electronic society
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (562.97 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 237,    Citation Count: 11

Despite the wide array of frameworks proposed for the formal specification and analysis of privacy laws, there has been comparatively little work on expressing large fragments of actual privacy laws in these frameworks. We attempt to bridge this gap ...
Keywords: fixed point logic, glba, hipaa, privacy policy specification
872
Stream Bench: Towards Benchmarking Modern Distributed Stream Computing Frameworks
Ruirui Lu, Gang Wu, Bin Xie, Jingtong Hu
December 2014
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (377.92 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 19,    Citation Count: 0

While big data is becoming ubiquitous, interest in handling data stream at scale is also gaining popularity, which leads to the sprout of many distributed stream computing systems. However, complexity of stream computing and diversity of workloads expose ...
Keywords: distributed stream computing, benchmark, big data
873
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
November 2008
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 33 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.27 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 1384,    Citation Count: 7

Regulations and societal expectations have recently expressed the need to mediate access to valuable databases, even by insiders. One approach is tamper detection via cryptographic hashing. This article shows how to determine when the tampering occurred, ...

Keywords: Monochromatic algorithm, Polychromatic algorithm, RGBY algorithm, Tiled Bitmap algorithm, a3D algorithm, compliant records, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic cost
874
Principles of Information Accountability: An eHealth Perspective
Randike Gajanayake, Tony Sahama, Renato Iannella
July 2014
International Journal of E-Health and Medical Communications , Volume 5 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information accountability is seen as a mode of usage control on the Web. Due to its many dimensions, information accountability has been expressed in various ways by computer scientists to address security and privacy in recent times. Information accountability ...
Keywords: Electronic Health Records, Healthcare Information Systems, Information Accountability, Information Privacy, eHealth
875
The safety transformation in the future internet domain
Roberto Gimenez, Diego Fuentes, Emilio Martin, Diego Gimenez, Judith Pertejo, Sofia Tsekeridou, Roberto Gavazzi, Mario Carabaño, Sofia Virgos
January 2012
The Future Internet
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Public Safety is nowadays a priority, cornerstone and major concern for governments, majors and policy makers in current (and future) smart cities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, large advances in ICT technologies are foretold to revolutionize our society ...
876
LiveRAC: interactive visual exploration of system management time-series data
Peter McLachlan, Tamara Munzner, Eleftherios Koutsofios, Stephen North
April 2008
CHI '08: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.31 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 104,   Downloads (Overall): 887,    Citation Count: 27

We present LiveRAC, a visualization system that supports the analysis of large collections of system management time-series data consisting of hundreds of parameters across thousands of network devices. LiveRAC provides high information density using ...
Keywords: longitudinal studies, time-series data, visualization
877
Realization of the low cost and high performance MySQL cloud database
Wei Cao, Feng Yu, Jiasen Xie
August 2014
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 7 Issue 13
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (184.47 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

MySQL is a low cost, high performance, good reliability and open source database product, widely used in many Internet companies. For example, there are thousands of MySQL servers being used in Taobao. Although NoSQL developed very quickly in past two ...
878
Reconstructing system state for intrusion analysis
Ashvin Goel, Kamran Farhadi, Kenneth Po, Wu-chang Feng
April 2008
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (807.42 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 404,    Citation Count:

The analysis of a compromised system is a time-consuming and error-prone task today because commodity operating systems provide limited auditing facilities. We have been developing an operating-system level auditing system called Forensix that captures ...
879
Intrusion detection and identification system using data mining and forensic techniques
Fang-Yie Leu, Kai-Wei Hu, Fuu-Cheng Jiang
October 2007
IWSEC'07: Proceedings of the Security 2nd international conference on Advances in information and computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Presently, most computers authenticate a user's ID and password before the user can log in. However, if the two items are known to hackers, there is a risk of security breach. In this paper, we propose a system, named the Intrusion Detection and Identification ...

Keywords: data mining, forensic features, identifying users, intrusion detection
880
The Basics of Cyber Warfare: Understanding the Fundamentals of Cyber Warfare in Theory and Practice
Steve Winterfeld, Jason Andress
December 2012
The Basics of Cyber Warfare: Understanding the Fundamentals of Cyber Warfare in Theory and Practice
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.48 MB),  PDF (7.38 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 92,   Downloads (Overall): 145,    Citation Count: 0

The Basics of Cyber Warfare provides readers with fundamental knowledge of cyber war in both theoretical and practical aspects. This book explores the principles of cyber warfare, including military and cyber doctrine, social engineering, and ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  44   45   46   47   48    next    >>
881
The case for apportionment
Simon Hay, Andrew Rice
November 2009
BuildSys '09: Proceedings of the First ACM Workshop on Embedded Sensing Systems for Energy-Efficiency in Buildings
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (907.80 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 181,    Citation Count: 14

Apportioning the total energy consumption of a building or organisation to individual users may provide incentives to make reductions. We explore how sensor systems installed in many buildings today can be used to apportion energy consumption between ...
Keywords: personal energy meter
882
Evaluating text preprocessing to improve compression on maillogs
Fred Otten, Barry Irwin, Hannah Thinyane
October 2009
SAICSIT '09: Proceedings of the 2009 Annual Research Conference of the South African Institute of Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (328.53 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 97,    Citation Count:

Maillogs contain important information about mail which has been sent or received. This information can be used for statistical purposes, to help prevent viruses or to help prevent SPAM. In order to satisfy regulations and follow good security practices, ...
Keywords: algorithms, data compression, digital forensics, log management, security and trust management
883
Practical policy patterns
Dan Thomsen
February 2011
CODASPY '11: Proceedings of the first ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (449.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 121,    Citation Count:

The paper attempts to encourage deeper thinking about the nature of security enforcement policies with the intent of fostering a practical engineering design approach for building security enforcement policy. The paper suggests several approaches to ...
Keywords: access control, computer security, security pattern engineering
884
Explorative Visualization of Log Data to Support Forensic Analysis and Signature Development
Sebastian Schmerl, Michael Vogel, René Rietz, Hartmut König
May 2010
SADFE '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Fifth IEEE International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Today’s growing number of security threats to computers and networks also increase the importance of log inspections to support the detection of possible breaches. The investigation and assessment of security incidents becomes more and more a daily ...
Keywords: Computer Security, Computer Forensic, Audit Data Analysis, Intrusion Detection, Misuse Detection, Attack Signatures, Data Visualization
885
Virtualization Security Combining Mandatory Access Control and Virtual Machine Introspection
Thu Yein Win, Huaglory Tianfield, Quentin Mair
December 2014
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (558.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 36,    Citation Count: 0

Virtualization has become a target for attacks in cloud computing environments. Existing approaches to protecting the virtualization environment against the attacks are limited in protection scope and are with high overheads. This paper proposes a novel ...
Keywords: Virtualization, Cloud Computing, Virtual Machines, Security, Virtualization Security, Systems Security, Access Control, Virtual Machine Introspection
886
Database Archiving: How to Keep Lots of Data for a Very Long Time, 1st edition
Jack E. Olson
November 2008
Database Archiving: How to Keep Lots of Data for a Very Long Time, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (1.42 MB),  PDF (3.67 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 277,    Citation Count: 1

With the amount of data a business accumulates now doubling every 12 to 18 months, IT professionals need to know how to develop a system for archiving important database data, in a way that both satisfies regulatory requirements and is durable and secure. ...
Keywords: Database Management, Information Management, Information Technology, Library & Information Science
887
Chukwa: a system for reliable large-scale log collection
Ariel Rabkin, Randy Katz
November 2010
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 11

Large Internet services companies like Google, Yahoo, and Facebook use the MapReduce programming model to process log data. MapReduce is designed to work on data stored in a distributed filesystem like Hadoop's HDFS. As a result, a number of log collection ...
Keywords: logging, research, scale
888
Single password authentication
Tolga Acar, Mira Belenkiy, Alptekin Küpçü
September 2013
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 57 Issue 13
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Users frequently reuse their passwords when authenticating to various online services. Combined with the use of weak passwords or honeypot/phishing attacks, this brings high risks to the security of the user's account information. In this paper, we propose ...
Keywords: Dictionary attacks, Honeypots, Malware, Mobile, Password-based authentication, Privacy
889
Mitigation of malicious modifications by insiders in databases
Harini Ragavan, Brajendra Panda
December 2011
ICISS'11: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Insider threat is considered as a serious issue in all organizations. Sophisticated insiders can override threat prevention tools and carry on their attacks with new techniques. One such technique which remains to be an advantage for insiders to attack ...
Keywords: database, dependency graph, insider threat, log, threshold
890
HyperCheck: a hardware-assisted integrity monitor
Jiang Wang, Angelos Stavrou, Anup Ghosh
September 2010
RAID'10: Proceedings of the 13th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 16

Over the past few years, virtualization has been employed to environments ranging from densely populated cloud computing clusters to home desktop computers. Security researchers embraced virtual machine monitors (VMMs) as a new mechanism to guarantee ...
Keywords: hypervisor, protection framework, system management mode
891
Design and implementation of a high-fidelity AC metering network
Xiaofan Jiang, Stephen Dawson-Haggerty, Prabal Dutta, David Culler
April 2009
IPSN '09: Proceedings of the 2009 International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (1.22 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 569,    Citation Count: 61

We present the architecture, design, and preliminary evaluation of ACme, a wireless sensor and actuator network for monitoring AC energy usage and controlling AC devices in a large and diverse building environment. The ACme system consists of three tiers: ...
892
A platform for RFID security and privacy administration
Melanie R. Rieback, Georgi N. Gaydadjiev, Bruno Crispo, Rutger F. H. Hofman, Andrew S. Tanenbaum
December 2006
LISA '06: Proceedings of the 20th conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

This paper presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of the RFID Guardian, the first-ever unified platform for RFID security and privacy administration. The RFID Guardian resembles an "RFID firewall," that monitors and controls access to RFID ...
893
Toward Automated MAC Spoofer Investigations
Serguei A. Mokhov, Michael J. Assels, Joey Paquet, Mourad Debbabi
August 2014
C3S2E '14: Proceedings of the 2014 International C* Conference on Computer Science & Software Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (311.81 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 50,    Citation Count: 0

We automate live and dead forensic evidence gathering for MAC spoofer investigations and formalize its encoding in Forensic Lucid for subsequent reasoning. The monitoring covers a Faculty's network focusing on 1000 analyst-managed clients. We describe ...
Keywords: Forensic Lucid, MAC spoofing, automated investigations, formal methods
894
Analyzing network behaviors with knowledge acquisition and data warehousing
Shun-Chieh Lin, Po-Chih Huang, Shian-Shyong Tseng, Nien-Yi Jan
July 2006
ICCOMP'06: Proceedings of the 10th WSEAS international conference on Computers
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As the growth of network environment dramatically increases, the network-based applications and services become more important. Many researches have developed different systematic approaches to analyze different network traffic sources. However, the ...
Keywords: OLAP, data cube, data warehouse, knowledge acquisition, network behavior
895
Detecting intrusion transactions in database systems: a novel approach
Mina Sohrabi, Mohammad M. Javidi, Sattar Hashemi
June 2014
Journal of Intelligent Information Systems , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The security of computers and their networks is of crucial concern in the world today. One mechanism to safeguard information stored in database systems is an Intrusion Detection System (IDS). The purpose of intrusion detection in database systems is ...
Keywords: Data dependency, Data mining, Intrusion detection, K-optimal rule discovery, Malicious transactions
896
Ethics in context: a scandal in academia
Michael James Heron, Pauline Belford
July 2014
SIGCAS Computers and Society , Volume 44 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (1.07 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 261,   Downloads (Overall): 261,    Citation Count: 1

The delivery of ethical instruction within formal educational contexts is a task that is fraught with difficulties. Real world situations and examples of misconduct abound, but sourcing sufficient material within the constraints associated with developing ...
Keywords: academia, case study, ethics, human factors, killer robot, morality, professional issues
897
System Assurance: Beyond Detecting Vulnerabilities, 1st edition
Nikolai Mansourov, Djenana Campara
December 2010
System Assurance: Beyond Detecting Vulnerabilities, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.38 MB),  PDF (14.99 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 25,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 226,    Citation Count: 0

In this day of frequent acquisitions and perpetual application integrations, systems are often an amalgamation of multiple programming languages and runtime platforms using new and legacy content. Systems of such mixed origins are increasingly vulnerable ...
898
A scalable network forensics mechanism for stealthy self-propagating attacks
Li Ming Chen, Meng Chang Chen, Wanjiun Liao, Yeali S. Sun
July 2013
Computer Communications , Volume 36 Issue 13
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics supports capabilities such as attacker identification and attack reconstruction, which complement the traditional intrusion detection and perimeter defense techniques in building a robust security mechanism. Attacker identification ...
Keywords: Contact activity, Data reduction, Network forensics, Stealthy self-propagating attack
899
Provenance for system troubleshooting
Marc Chiarini
December 2011
LISA'11: Proceedings of the 25th international conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

System administrators use a variety of techniques to track down and repair (or avoid) problems that occur in the systems under their purview. Analyzing log files, cross-correlating events on different machines, establishing liveness and performance monitors, ...
Keywords: dependencies, diagnosis, mental models, provenance, troubleshooting
900
Human factors in webserver log file analysis: a controlled experiment on investigating malicious activity
Lucas Layman, Sylvain David Diffo, Nico Zazworka
April 2014
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (345.78 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 55,    Citation Count: 0

While automated methods are the first line of defense for detecting attacks on webservers, a human agent is required to understand the attacker's intent and the attack process. The goal of this research is to understand the value of various log fields ...
Keywords: human factors, log files, science of security, security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  45   46   47   48   49    next    >>
901
Leveraging CybOX to standardize representation and exchange of digital forensic information
Eoghan Casey, Greg Back, Sean Barnum
March 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue S1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

With the growing number of digital forensic tools and the increasing use of digital forensics in various contexts, including incident response and cyber threat intelligence, there is a pressing need for a widely accepted standard for representing and ...
Keywords: CybOX, DFAX, DFXML, Digital forensic XML, Digital forensic ontology, Digital forensics, Standard representation
902
On scaling up sensitive data auditing
Raghav Kaushik, Yupeng Fu, Ravishankar Ramamurthy
March 2013
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 6 Issue 5
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.86 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 47,    Citation Count: 0

This paper studies the following problem: given (1) a query and (2) a set of sensitive records, find the subset of records "accessed" by the query. The notion of a query accessing a single record is adopted from prior work. There are several scenarios ...
903
Advances and Challenges in Log Analysis
Adam Oliner, Archana Ganapathi, Wei Xu
December 2011
Queue , Volume 9 Issue 12
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (39.38 KB),  PDF (194.46 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 970,   Downloads (12 Months): 8793,   Downloads (Overall): 22992,    Citation Count: 4

Logs contain a wealth of information for help in managing systems.
904
A software method for managing event logs to improve quality and dependability of business processes
Mehmet S. Unluturk, Kaan Kurtel
July 2010
ICCOMP'10: Proceedings of the 14th WSEAS international conference on Computers: part of the 14th WSEAS CSCC multiconference - Volume I , Volume I
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we propose a logging service on .NET environment that utilizes the business process management domain to improve business fault tolerance, fault avoidance and alert managers to undesirable effects. The purpose of logging business processes ...
Keywords: business process logging, diagnostics log viewer, diagnostics logging control, event log
905
Audit Log Management in MongoDB
Prabhakaran Murugesan, Indrakshi Ray
June 2014
SERVICES '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE World Congress on Services
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the past few years, web-based applications and their data management needs have changed dramatically. Relational databases are often being replaced by other viable alternatives, such as NoSQL databases, for reasons of scalability and heterogeneity. ...
Keywords: NoSQL, MongoDB, Audit Trail, Log Management
906
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Cherie Amon, Thomas W. Shinder, Anne Carasik-Henmi
December 2007
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (63.90 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 315,    Citation Count: 1

The Second Edition of the Best Damn Firewall Book Period is completely revised and updated to include all of the most recent releases from Microsoft, Cisco, Juniper Network, SonicWALL, and Check Point.Compiled from the best of the Syngress firewall ...
Keywords: Security
907
Privacy with delegation of rights by identity management
Sven Wohlgemuth, Günter Müller
June 2006
ETRICS'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Emerging Trends in Information and Communication Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Privacy in business processes with proxies is not possible. Users need to share attributes with their proxies which leads to “Big Brothers”. This is the reason why identity management systems such as Liberty Alliance and Microsoft .NET Passport ...
908
Retrofitting network security to third-party applications: the secureBase experience
Jonathan I. Kamens
October 1993
usenix-ss'93: Proceedings of the 4th conference on UNIX security symposium - Volume 4 , Volume 4
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Systems such as Kerberos, designed to provide secure user and service authentication over insecure open networks, continue to gain acceptance in the UNIX world. There are both freely available and commercial products which reduce the vulnerabilities ...
909
Autonomous decision on intrusion detection with trained BDI agents
Agustín Orfila, Javier Carbó, Arturo Ribagorda
June 2008
Computer Communications , Volume 31 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

In the context of computer security, the first step to respond to an intrusive incident is the detection of such activity in the monitored system. In recent years, research in intrusion detection has evolved to become a multi-discipline task that involves ...

Keywords: Decision analysis, Intrusion detection and response, Knowledge management and reasoning, Multiagent system
910
Automating voting terminal event log analysis
Tigran Antonyan, Seda Davtyan, Sotirios Kentros, Aggelos Kiayias, Laurent Michel, Nicolas Nicolaou, Alexander Russell, Alexander Shvartsman
August 2009
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

In the interest of auditing election procedures, certain electronic voting technologies provide monitoring capabilities that record select actions undertaken by election officials before, during, and after an election process, as well as the conditions ...
911
Interactive analysis of computer scenarios through parallel coordinates graphics
Gabriel D. Cavalcante, Sebastien Tricaud, Cleber P. Souza, Paulo Lício de Geus
June 2012
ICCSA'12: Proceedings of the 12th international conference on Computational Science and Its Applications - Volume Part IV , Volume Part IV
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A security analyst plays a key role in tackling unusual incidents, which is an extenuating task to be properly done, a single service can generate a massive amount of log data in a single day. The analysis of such data is a challenge. Among several available ...
912
Legal issues surrounding monitoring during network research
Douglas C. Sicker, Paul Ohm, Dirk Grunwald
October 2007
IMC '07: Proceedings of the 7th ACM SIGCOMM conference on Internet measurement
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (300.46 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 25,   Downloads (Overall): 566,    Citation Count: 22

This work was motivated by a discussion that two of the coauthors (computer science professors) had with the other coauthor (a law professor and a former computer crime Trial Attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice), in which it was pointed out that ...
Keywords: law, legal, monitoring, privacy, wiretap
913
A computer forensics minor curriculum proposal
William Figg, Zehai Zhou
April 2007
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 22 Issue 4
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: PDF (136.94 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 1000,    Citation Count: 2

Computer and network security is a growing concern to all organizations and individuals worldwide. Information security is a critical part of information and communication technology infrastructure. Computer forensics can play an indispensable role in ...
914
News: Virus tracking moves back to basics
November 2003
Network Security , Volume 2003 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Sobig and Blaster authors are proving so elusive, that Microsoft is forking out $250,000 for any leads. This is a short news story only. Visit www.compseconline.com for the latest computer security industry news.
915
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Keith A. Stouffer, Joseph A. Falco, Karen A. Scarfone
June 2011
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.97 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 40,   Downloads (12 Months): 336,   Downloads (Overall): 547,    Citation Count: 3

The purpose of this document is to provide guidance for securing industrial control systems (ICS), including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems, distributed control systems (DCS), and other systems performing control functions. ...
Keywords: Cyber-physcial systems, ICS, Industrial Control Systems, SCADA, Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition, security controls, threats, vulnerabilities
916
SP 800-45 Version 2. Guidelines on Electronic Mail Security
Miles Tracy, Wayne Jansen, Karen A. Scarfone, Jason Butterfield
February 2007
SP 800-45 Version 2. Guidelines on Electronic Mail Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.01 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 34,    Citation Count: 0

This document was developed in furtherance of NIST's statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. The purpose of the publication is to recommend security practices for designing, ...
Keywords: E-mail, FISMA, electronic mail
917
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
John R. Vacca, John R. Vacca
June 2013
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (18.79 MB),  PDF (67.58 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 90,   Downloads (12 Months): 1018,   Downloads (Overall): 1816,    Citation Count: 0

Thesecond editionof this comprehensive handbook of computer and information securityprovides the most complete view of computer security and privacy available. It offers in-depth coverage of security theory, technology, and practice as they relate to ...
918
An amulet for trustworthy wearable mHealth
Jacob Sorber, Minho Shin, Ronald Peterson, Cory Cornelius, Shrirang Mare, Aarathi Prasad, Zachary Marois, Emma Smithayer, David Kotz
February 2012
HotMobile '12: Proceedings of the Twelfth Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems & Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (452.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 157,   Downloads (Overall): 519,    Citation Count: 10

Mobile technology has significant potential to help revolutionize personal wellness and the delivery of healthcare. Mobile phones, wearable sensors, and home-based tele-medicine devices can help caregivers and individuals themselves better monitor and ...
919
Remarks on the industrial application of inductive database technologies
Kimmo Hätönen, Mika Klemettinen, Markus Miettinen
March 2004
Proceedings of the 2004 European conference on Constraint-Based Mining and Inductive Databases
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The research in the area of inductive databases has taken huge steps forward during recent years. Various results have been produced and published by many groups all around the world. The next big challenge for the research community together with industry ...
920
Bringing Arbitrary Compute to Authoritative Data
Mark Cavage, David Pacheco
June 2014
Queue , Volume 12 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (42.75 KB),  PDF (321.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 922,   Downloads (12 Months): 20999,   Downloads (Overall): 20999,    Citation Count: 0

Many disparate use cases can be satisfied with a single storage system.
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  46   47   48   49   50    next    >>
921
Detection of malicious and non-malicious website visitors using unsupervised neural network learning
Dusan Stevanovic, Natalija Vlajic, Aijun An
January 2013
Applied Soft Computing , Volume 13 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Distributed denials of service (DDoS) attacks are recognized as one of the most damaging attacks on the Internet security today. Recently, malicious web crawlers have been used to execute automated DDoS attacks on web sites across the WWW. In this study, ...
Keywords: Clustering, Denial of service, Machine learning, Neural networks, Web crawler detection, Web server access logs
922
Automated event and social network extraction from digital evidence sources with ontological mapping
Benjamin Turnbull, Suneel Randhawa
June 2015
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 13 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The sharp rise in consumer computing, electronic and mobile devices and data volumes has resulted in increased workloads for digital forensic investigators and analysts. The number of crimes involving electronic devices is increasing, as is the amount ...
Keywords: Artificial intelligence, Big data, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Event representation, Forensic tool development, Knowledge representation, Ontology, Software engineering, Triage
923
StepStream: a school-based pervasive social fitness system for everyday adolescent health
Andrew D. Miller, Elizabeth D. Mynatt
April 2014
CHI '14: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.05 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 201,   Downloads (Overall): 242,    Citation Count: 3

Computer-supported fitness interventions for adolescents have the potential to improve adolescents' attitudes and perceptions about physical activity through peer influence and interpersonal accountability. Past research has explored the potential of ...
Keywords: adolescents, deployments, fitness intervention, pervasive health, social computing, youth
924
Categorizing Computing Assets According to Communication Patterns
Dieter Gantenbein, Luca Deri
May 2002
Advanced Lectures on Networking, NETWORKING 2002 [This book presents the revised version of seven tutorials given at the NETWORKING 2002 Conference in Pisa, Italy in May 2002]
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In today's dynamic information society, organizations critically depend on the underlying computing infrastructure. Tracking computing devices as assets and their usage helps in the provision and maintenance of an efficient, optimized service. A precise ...
Keywords: IT audit, OLAP, data mining, due diligence, inventory and asset management, network and system management
925
Bypassing information leakage protection with trusted applications
Jorge Blasco, Julio Cesar Hernandez-Castro, Juan E. Tapiador, Arturo Ribagorda
June 2012
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Insider threats are an increasing concern for most modern organizations. Information leakage is one of the most important insider threats, particularly according to its potential financial impact. Data Leakage Protection (DLP) systems have been developed ...
Keywords: Data leakage, Evasion, Information leakage, Malicious insiders, Sensitive information, Trusted applications
926
How to Cheat at Securing Your Network
Ido Dubrawsky
October 2007
How to Cheat at Securing Your Network
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (8.35 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 314,    Citation Count: 0

Most System Administrators are not security specialists. Keeping the network secure is one of many responsibilities, and it is usually not a priority until disaster strikes. How to Cheat at Securing Your Network is the perfect book for this audience. ...
Keywords: Security
927
Managing Data in Motion: Data Integration Best Practice Techniques and Technologies, 1st edition
April Reeve
February 2013
Managing Data in Motion: Data Integration Best Practice Techniques and Technologies, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (2.69 MB),  PDF (5.53 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 118,   Downloads (Overall): 157,    Citation Count: 0

Managing Data in Motion describes techniques that have been developed for significantly reducing the complexity of managing system interfaces and enabling scalable architectures. Author April Reeve brings over two decades of experience to present ...
928
A comprehensive study of the regulation and behavior of web crawlers
Yang Sun
January 2008
A comprehensive study of the regulation and behavior of web crawlers
Publisher: Pennsylvania State University
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Search engines and many web applications such as online marketing agents, intelligent shopping agents, and web data mining agents rely on web crawlers to collect information from the web, which has led to an enormous amount of web traffic ...
929
Ensemble PDP-8: eight principles for distributed portals
Edward A. Fox, Yinlin Chen, Monika Akbar, Clifford A. Shaffer, Stephen H. Edwards, Peter Brusilovsky, Dan Garcia, Lois Delcambre, Felicia Decker, David Archer, Richard Furuta, Frank Shipman, Stephen Carpenter, Lillian Cassel
June 2010
JCDL '10: Proceedings of the 10th annual joint conference on Digital libraries
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.45 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 6

Ensemble, the National Science Digital Library (NSDL) Pathways project for Computing, builds upon a diverse group of prior NSDL, DL-I, and other projects. Ensemble has shaped its activities according to principles related to design, development, implementation, ...
Keywords: adaptive education system, distributed portal, ontology, superimposed information
930
Security aspects of SCADA and DCS environments
Cristina Alcaraz, Gerardo Fernandez, Fernando Carvajal
January 2012
Critical Infrastructure Protection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

SCADA Systems can be seen as a fundamental component in Critical Infrastructures, having an impact in the overall performance of other Critical Infrastructures interconnected. Currently, these systems include in their network designs different types ...
931
The case for internet voting
Joe Mohen, Julia Glidden
January 2001
Communications of the ACM , Volume 44 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Html (35.34 KB),  PDF (158.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 124,   Downloads (Overall): 4243,    Citation Count: 7
932
Panorama: capturing system-wide information flow for malware detection and analysis
Heng Yin, Dawn Song, Manuel Egele, Christopher Kruegel, Engin Kirda
October 2007
CCS '07: Proceedings of the 14th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (294.64 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 29,   Downloads (12 Months): 349,   Downloads (Overall): 3145,    Citation Count: 135

Malicious programs spy on users' behavior and compromise their privacy. Even software from reputable vendors, such as Google Desktop and Sony DRM media player, may perform undesirable actions. Unfortunately, existing techniques for detecting malware ...
Keywords: dynamic taint analysis, malware analysis, malware detection, spyware
933
The Hacker's Guide to OS X: Exploiting OS X from the Root Up, 1st edition
Robert Bathurst, Russ Rogers, Alijohn Ghassemlouei
November 2012
The Hacker's Guide to OS X: Exploiting OS X from the Root Up, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.72 MB),  PDF (20.63 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 83,   Downloads (Overall): 126,    Citation Count: 0

Written by two experienced penetration testers the material presented discusses the basics of the OS X environment and its vulnerabilities. Including but limited to; application porting, virtualization utilization and offensive tactics at the kernel, ...
934
Corporate management of computer forensics evidence
James William Rust
September 2006
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (36.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 992,    Citation Count: 0

Computer forensics is a new and emerging field in information security that requires specialized skills in order to collect and preserve data on systems that have been breeched by a hacker, either internal or external to the company. Collecting and processing ...
Keywords: computer forensics, digital evidence, hackers, incident response, information security, investigation, management
935
Knowing who to watch: Identifying attackers whose actions are hidden within false alarms and background noise
Howard Chivers, John A. Clark, Philip Nobles, Siraj A. Shaikh, Hao Chen
March 2013
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 15 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Insider attacks are often subtle and slow, or preceded by behavioral indicators such as organizational rule-breaking which provide the potential for early warning of malicious intent; both these cases pose the problem of identifying attacks from limited ...
Keywords: Bayesian, Behavioural, Evidence, Insider, Intrusion detection, Network, Security, Subtle attack
936
Managing networks through context: Graph visualization and exploration
Qi Liao, Andrew Blaich, Dirk VanBruggen, Aaron Striegel
November 2010
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 54 Issue 16
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the increasing prevalence of multi-user environments in distributed systems, it has become an increasingly challenging task to precisely identify who is doing what on an enterprise network. Current management systems that rely on inference for user ...
Keywords: Context, Enterprise network management, Forensics, Graphs, Interactive exploration, Security, Visual mining, Visualization
937
Privacy protection in data sharing: towards feedback based solutions
Mortaza S. Bargh, Ronald Meijer, Sunil Choenni, Peter Conradie
October 2014
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (385.38 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 44,   Downloads (Overall): 44,    Citation Count: 0

Sharing data is gaining importance in recent years due to proliferation of social media and a growing tendency of governments to gain citizens' trust through being transparent. Data dissemination, however, increases chance of compromising privacy sensitive ...
Keywords: data fusion, data sharing, egovernment, feedback, privacy, trust
938
Automated Generation of Music Playlists: Survey and Experiments
Geoffray Bonnin, Dietmar Jannach
January 2015
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.10 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 38,   Downloads (12 Months): 460,   Downloads (Overall): 460,    Citation Count: 0

Most of the time when we listen to music on the radio or on our portable devices, the order in which the tracks are played is governed by so-called playlists. These playlists are basically sequences of tracks that traditionally are designed manually ...
Keywords: Music, algorithm, evaluation, playlist
939
Analyzing and mining a code search engine usage log
Sushil Krishna Bajracharya, Cristina Videira Lopes
August 2012
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 17 Issue 4-5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

This paper presents an analysis of a year long usage log of Koders, the first commercially available Internet-Scale code search engine ( http://www.koders.com ...
Keywords: Code search engine, Mining topics, Usage log analysis
940
PCI Compliance: Understand and Implement Effective PCI Data Security Standard Compliance, 2nd edition
Anton Chuvakin, Branden R. Williams
December 2009
PCI Compliance: Understand and Implement Effective PCI Data Security Standard Compliance, 2nd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.18 MB),  PDF (6.39 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 0

Identity theft and other confidential information theft have now topped the charts as the #1 cybercrime. In particular, credit card data is preferred by cybercriminals. Is your payment processing secure and compliant? Now in its second edition, PCI Compliance ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  47   48   49   50   51    next    >>
941
Use of XML and Java for collaborative petroleum reservoir modeling on the Internet
John Victorine, W. Lynn Watney, Saibal Bhattacharya
November 2005
Computers & Geosciences , Volume 31 Issue 9
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The GEMINI (Geo-Engineering Modeling through INternet Informatics) is a public-domain, web-based freeware that is made up of an integrated suite of 14 Java-based software tools to accomplish on-line, real-time geologic and engineering reservoir modeling. ...

Keywords: GEMINI, Java, Petroleum web-based software, Reservoir modeling, Web start, XML
942
Achieving Accountable MapReduce in cloud computing
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
January 2014
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 30 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

MapReduce is a programming model that is capable of processing large data sets in distributed computing environments. The original MapReduce model was designed to be fault-tolerant in case of various network abnormalities. However, fault-tolerance does ...
Keywords: Accountable, Cloud computing, MapReduce
943
Analysis of recommended cloud security controls to validate OpenPMF "policy as a service"
Ulrich Lang, Rudolf Schreiner
August 2011
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 16 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper describes some of the findings of a cloud research project the authors carried out in Q2/2011. As part of the project, the authors first identified security concerns related to cloud computing, and gaps in cloud-related standards/regulations. ...
Keywords: Access policy, Accreditation, Application security, Audit policy, Authorization management, Cloud, Compliance, HIPAA, Model-driven security, NIST 800-147, NIST 800-53, NIST IR 7628, OpenPMF, PCI-DSS, Policy, Security, XACML
944
A Virtualization Based Monitoring System for Mini-intrusive Live Forensics
Xianming Zhong, Chengcheng Xiang, Miao Yu, Zhengwei Qi, Haibing Guan
June 2015
International Journal of Parallel Programming , Volume 43 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Digital evidences hold great significance for governing cybercrime. Unfortunately, previous acquisition tools were troubled by either the shortage of suspending the target system's running or the security of the acquisition tools themselves, thus the ...
Keywords: Live forensics, Mini-intrusive, Monitoring system, Virtualization
945
Palantir: a framework for collaborative incident response and investigation
Himanshu Khurana, Jim Basney, Mehedi Bakht, Mike Freemon, Von Welch, Randy Butler
April 2009
IDtrust '09: Proceedings of the 8th Symposium on Identity and Trust on the Internet
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.18 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 849,    Citation Count: 4

Organizations owning cyber-infrastructure assets face large scale distributed attacks on a regular basis. In the face of increasing complexity and frequency of such attacks, we argue that it is insufficient to rely on organizational incident response ...

Keywords: digital investigation, incident response, multi-site collaboration
946
Bridging the gaps: joining information sources with Splunk
Jon Stearley, Sophia Corwell, Ken Lord
October 2010
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Supercomputers are composed of many diverse components, operated at a variety of scales, and function as a coherent whole. The resulting logs are thus diverse in format, interrelated at multiple scales, and provide evidence of faults across subsystems. ...
947
Turtles all the way down: a clean-slate, ground-up, first-principles approach to secure systems
Sean Peisert, Ed Talbot, Matt Bishop
September 2012
NSPW '12: Proceedings of the 2012 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (576.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 150,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we present a set of security requirements for critical systems, fundamental premises that those requirements would entail, and ideas for implementations that would instantiate those premises. We discuss the overriding requirement guiding ...
Keywords: assurance, continuous authentication, dynamic access control, fault tolerance, first principles, formal methods, identity binding, insiders, metrics, perfect privacy, probabilistic computing, security policy, trust negotiation
948
Explanation-based auditing
Daniel Fabbri, Kristen LeFevre
September 2011
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (678.61 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 187,    Citation Count:

To comply with emerging privacy laws and regulations, it has become common for applications like electronic health records systems (EHRs) to collect access logs, which record each time a user (e.g., a hospital employee) accesses a piece of sensitive ...
949
Mobile Technology and Action Teams: Assessing BlackBerry Use in Law Enforcement Units
Susan G. Straus, Tora K. Bikson, Edward Balkovich, John F. Pane
February 2010
Computer Supported Cooperative Work , Volume 19 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

This research explores the effectiveness of mobile wireless information and communication technologies (ICTs) for law enforcement teams. Law enforcement teams require real-time information access and rapid communication to diagnose potential threats, ...

Keywords: BlackBerry, CSCW, action teams, email, information and communication technology, law enforcement, mobile technology, technology acceptance, technology adoption, wireless handheld
950
Embellishing text search queries to protect user privacy
HweeHwa Pang, Xuhua Ding, Xiaokui Xiao
September 2010
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 3 Issue 1-2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: PDF (795.05 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 11

Users of text search engines are increasingly wary that their activities may disclose confidential information about their business or personal profiles. It would be desirable for a search engine to perform document retrieval for users while protecting ...
951
Forensic collection of cloud storage data: Does the act of collection result in changes to the data or its metadata?
Darren Quick, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
October 2013
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The timely acquisition and preservation of data from cloud storage can be an issue for law enforcement agencies and other digital forensic practitioners. In a jurisdiction which has legal provisions to collect data available to a computer or device, ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage, Computer forensics, Data collection, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Dropbox, Google Drive, Microsoft SkyDrive, Preservation
952
Run-time correlation engine for system monitoring and testing
Viliam Holub, Trevor Parsons, Patrick O'Sullivan, John Murphy
June 2009
ICAC-INDST '09: Proceedings of the 6th international conference industry session on Autonomic computing and communications industry session
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (424.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 263,    Citation Count:

Today's enterprise applications can produce vast amounts of information both during system testing and in production. Correlation of this information can be difficult as it is generally stored in a range of different event logs, the format of which can ...

Keywords: event correlation, event filtering, system monitoring and testing
953
e-governance in debts recovery tribunals and debts recovery appellate tribunals: a framework for implementation in India
Sanjeev Kumar Katara, Nagesh Shastri
October 2014
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (101.71 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 7,    Citation Count: 0

This paper aims to study the processes of Debts Recovery Tribunals (DRTs) and Debts Recovery Appellate Tribunals (DRATs) in India and propose an e-Governance framework to improve their core functioning and expedite the recovery of Non-Performing Assets ...
Keywords: DRAT, DRT, India, NPA, RDDB&FI, SARFAESI, e-governance, finance, framework, law
954
Accountability and deterrence in online life
Joan Feigenbaum, James A. Hendler, Aaron D. Jaggard, Daniel J. Weitzner, Rebecca N. Wright
June 2011
WebSci '11: Proceedings of the 3rd International Web Science Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (220.83 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 32,    Citation Count: 3

The standard technical approach to privacy and security in online life is preventive: Before someone can access confidential data or take any other action that implicates privacy or security, he should be required to prove that he is authorized ...
Keywords: accountability, deterrence, privacy, security
955
Catching spam before it arrives: domain specific dynamic blacklists
Duncan Cook, Jacky Hartnett, Kevin Manderson, Joel Scanlan
January 2006
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (160.06 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 1294,    Citation Count: 8

The arrival of any piece of unsolicited and unwanted email (spam) into a user's email inbox is a problem. It results in real costs to organisations and possibly an increasing reluctance to use email by some users. Currently most spam prevention techniques ...
956
Forensic analysis of logs: Modeling and verification
Mohamed Saleh, Ali Reza Arasteh, Assaad Sakha, Mourad Debbabi
October 2007
Knowledge-Based Systems , Volume 20 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks against the system. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal ...

Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Logging systems, Model checking
957
Towards job accounting in existing resource schedulers: weaknesses and improvements
Herbert Rosmanith, Peter Praxmarer, Dieter Kranzlmüller, Jens Volkert
September 2006
HPCC'06: Proceedings of the Second international conference on High Performance Computing and Communications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The vision of having access to tremendous amounts of computation and storage resources on demand, together with access to special devices, similar to the availability of today's power grids has been formulated by Ian Foster and Carl Kesselman in ...
958
Logging based IP Traceback in switched ethernets
Marios S. Andreou, Aad van Moorsel
March 2008
EUROSEC '08: Proceedings of the 1st European Workshop on System Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (327.98 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 146,    Citation Count:

IP Traceback systems facilitate tracing of IP packets back to their origin, despite possibly forged or overwritten source address data. A common shortcoming of existing proposals is that they identify source network, but not the source host. ...
959
Fine-grained role-based delegation in presence of the hybrid role hierarchy
James B. D. Joshi, Elisa Bertino
June 2006
SACMAT '06: Proceedings of the eleventh ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (594.43 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 685,    Citation Count: 9

Delegation of authority is an important process that needs to be captured by any access control model. In role-based access control models, delegation of authority involves delegating roles that a user can assume or the set of permissions that he can ...
Keywords: access control, delegation, hybrid hierarchy, role based
960
OS X Exploits and Defense: Own it...Just Like Windows or Linux!
Paul Baccas, Kevin Finisterre, Larry H., David Harley, Gary Porteus, Chris Hurley, Johnny Long
April 2008
OS X Exploits and Defense: Own it...Just Like Windows or Linux!
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (8.66 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 218,    Citation Count: 0

Threats to Macintosh's OS X operating system are increasing in sophistication and number. Whether it is the exploitation of an increasing number of holes, use of rootkits for post compromise concealment or distributed denial of service, knowing how the ...
Keywords: Security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  48   49   50   51   52    next    >>
961
An analysis of web proxy logs with query distribution pattern approach for search engines
Mona Taghavi, Ahmed Patel, Nikita Schmidt, Christopher Wills, Yiqi Tew
January 2012
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 34 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

This study presents an analysis of users' queries directed at different search engines to investigate trends and suggest better search engine capabilities. The query distribution among search engines that includes spawning of queries, number of terms ...
Keywords: Distributed search engines, Proxy server logs, Query analysis, Search engines, Web search services
962
Guidelines on Security and Privacy in Public Cloud Computing
Staff
August 2011
Journal of E-Governance , Volume 34 Issue 3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
963
Flexible aspect-based service adaptation for accountability properties in the cloud
Ronan-Alexandre Cherrueau, Omar Chebaro, Mario Südholt
March 2013
VariComp '13: Proceedings of the 4th international workshop on Variability & composition
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (524.36 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 59,    Citation Count: 0

Accountability properties, i.e., security and privacy properties for trustworthy data stewardship, are becoming increasingly important for Cloud applications. Frequently, they have to be enforced on large-scale service-based applications. In this paper ...
Keywords: AOP, accountability, gray-box composition, service composition
964
Securing electronic medical records using biometric authentication
Stephen Krawczyk, Anil K. Jain
July 2005
AVBPA'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Audio- and Video-Based Biometric Person Authentication
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Ensuring the security of medical records is becoming an increasingly important problem as modern technology is integrated into existing medical services. As a consequence of the adoption of electronic medical records in the health care sector, it is ...
965
Extracting the system call identifier from within VFS: a kernel stack parsing-based approach
Suvrojit Das, Debayan Chatterjee, D. Ghosh, Narayan C. Debnath
March 2014
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 6 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

System call information has been one of the most important candidates for intrusion detection and forensic analysis research during the last several years. This paper focuses on extraction of system call information in terms of system call identifier ...
966
Server-side detection of malware infection
Markus Jakobsson, Ari Juels
September 2009
NSPW '09: Proceedings of the 2009 workshop on New security paradigms workshop
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (301.84 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 510,    Citation Count: 5

We review the intertwined problems of malware and online fraud, and argue that the fact that service providers often are nancially responsible for fraud causes a relative lack of incentives for clients to manage their own security well. This suggests ...

Keywords: anti-virus, audit, cell phone, detection, fraud, incentive compatible, infection, malware, mobile, post-mortem, retroactive
967
On designing usable and secure recognition-based graphical authentication mechanisms
Martin Mihajlov, Borka Jerman-Blai?
November 2011
Interacting with Computers , Volume 23 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this article we present the development of a new, web-based, graphical authentication mechanism called ImagePass. The authentication mechanism introduces a novel feature based on one-time passwords that increases the security of the system without ...
Keywords: Graphical authentication, Graphical passwords, System design, User evaluation
968
Not quite the average: An empirical study of Web use
Harald Weinreich, Hartmut Obendorf, Eelco Herder, Matthias Mayer
February 2008
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 2 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (967.16 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 289,   Downloads (Overall): 5012,    Citation Count: 31

In the past decade, the World Wide Web has been subject to dramatic changes. Web sites have evolved from static information resources to dynamic and interactive applications that are used for a broad scope of activities on a daily basis. To examine the ...
Keywords: Navigation, WWW, Web, browser interfaces, hypertext, usability, user study, web browsing, web design
969
Communication, collaboration, and bugs: the social nature of issue tracking in small, collocated teams
Dane Bertram, Amy Voida, Saul Greenberg, Robert Walker
February 2010
CSCW '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ACM conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (432.97 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 113,   Downloads (Overall): 777,    Citation Count: 16

Issue tracking systems help organizations manage issue reporting, assignment, tracking, resolution, and archiving. Traditionally, it is the Software Engineering community that researches issue tracking systems, where software defects are reported and ...

Keywords: issue tracking, shared knowledge, software engineering
970
The collective infrastructural work of electricity: exploring feedback in a prepaid university dorm in China
Tengfei Liu, Xianghua Ding, Silvia Lindtner, Tun Lu, Ning Gu
September 2013
UbiComp '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM international joint conference on Pervasive and ubiquitous computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (992.07 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 83,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count: 0

Feedback on resource consumption is often explored as a way to raise awareness and saving resources. This paper reports findings from a user study of a feedback system deployed in a Chinese university dormitory with a prepaid electricity system, a context ...
Keywords: awareness, collective infrastructural work., consumption feedback, electricity, feedback, infrastructural work
971
Causal relation detection for activities from heterogeneous sources
Philipp Katz, Alexander Schill
June 2011
ICWE'11: Proceedings of the 11th international conference on Current Trends in Web Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

On the web, information representing specific activities is often scattered over different systems. Although, causal relations exist between these activities, these are usually not obviously visible to the user, unless explicitly given. This paper outlines ...
Keywords: data linking, information aggregation, information integration, internet information extraction, relation extraction
972
Legal commentary: Meetings between experts: A route to simpler, fairer trials?
Peter Sommer
March 2009
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Expert evidence which is both accurate and forensically sound can be daunting for a lay audience, particularly if opposing experts have points of disagreement. The current position in English law is examined to show the advantages and problems of pre-trial ...
Keywords: Admissibility, Court procedure, Digital evidence, English Criminal Procedure Rules, Expert evidence
973
A rational theory of system-making systems
Robert Schaefer
March 2006
SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes , Volume 31 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (486.49 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 895,    Citation Count: 3

All current models of software development abstract away key interactions of the hosting organization, the results of which can be seen in practice with the common reoccurrence of large software intensive system project failures. Poor model matches with ...
974
Cloud Computing Synopsis and Recommendations
Mark Lee Badger, Timothy Grance, Robert Patt-Corner, Jeffery M, Voas
May 2012
Cloud Computing Synopsis and Recommendations
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.51 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 323,    Citation Count: 2

This document reprises the NIST-established definition of cloud computing, describes cloud computing benefits and open issues, presents an overview of major classes of cloud technology, and provides guidelines and recommendations on how organizations ...
Keywords: cloud computing, computer security, virtualization
975
Secure the Cloud: From the Perspective of a Service-Oriented Organization
Arpan Roy, Santonu Sarkar, Rajeshwari Ganesan, Geetika Goel
February 2015
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.38 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 127,   Downloads (12 Months): 784,   Downloads (Overall): 784,    Citation Count: 0

In response to the revival of virtualized technology by Rosenblum and Garfinkel [2005], NIST defined cloud computing, a new paradigm in service computing infrastructures. In cloud environments, the basic security mechanism is ingrained in virtualization—that ...
Keywords: Cloud security, attack scenarios, enterprise security suites, open problems, service-oriented organization
976
Towards a theory of accountability and audit
Radha Jagadeesan, Alan Jeffrey, Corin Pitcher, James Riely
September 2009
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Accountability mechanisms, which rely on after-the-fact verification, are an attractive means to enforce authorization policies. In this paper, we describe an operational model of accountability-based distributed systems. We describe analyses which support ...
977
Towards Data Confidentiality and Portability in Cloud Storage
Ebtesam Ahmad Alomari, Muhammad Mostafa Monowar
June 2014
Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Design, User Experience, and Usability. User Experience Design for Diverse Interaction Platforms and Environments - Volume 8518 , Volume 8518
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As of now, cloud computing has become a hot topic in the global technology industry. Users become able to store their data in cloud storage and have ubiquitous access at any time. In spite of the enormous advantages of cloud storage, one of ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Confidentiality, Portability, Storage
978
Incident Response: Log management for effective incident response
Dario Forte
September 2005
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log file correlation is related to two distinct activities: Intrusion Detection and Network Forensics. It is more important than ever that these two disciplines work together, and in cooperation, to avoid points of failure. This article presents an overview ...
979
Seven Deadliest Web Application Attacks: Syngrass Seven Deadlest Attacks
Mike Shema
March 2010
Seven Deadliest Web Application Attacks: Syngrass Seven Deadlest Attacks
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (806.79 KB),  PDF (2.17 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 96,    Citation Count: 0

Do you need to keep up with the latest hacks, attacks, and exploits effecting web applications? Then you need Seven Deadliest Web Application Attacks. This book pinpoints the most dangerous hacks and exploits specific to web applications, laying out ...
980
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Max Caceres, Aaron E. Earle, Devin Ganger, Wipul Jayawickrama, Jan Kanclirz, Dane Liu, Tim Robichaux, Eric S. Seagren, Brad Smith, Christopher Stokes
November 2008
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.20 MB),  PDF (10.98 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 126,    Citation Count: 0

New security risks, continuously evolving regulation and increasing security standards have created new and growing needs for secure internal information transfers, which SSH provides. This book addresses these new trends in depth, offering the most ...
Keywords: Security
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  49   50   51   52   53    next    >>
981
ULMS: An Accelerator for the Applications by Shifting Writing Log from Local Disk to Clouds
Li Zhou, Yong Zhang, Chunxiao Xing
July 2010
COMPSACW '10: Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE 34th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference Workshops
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log data is critical to applications and the management and analysis of log data is a hot research topic. Existing log managements are normally tightly integrated with applications themselves, which may lead to problems including performance, local storage ...
Keywords: Log, Performance, Log Analysis, SaaS
982
A bigData platform for analytics on access control policies and logs
Suresh Chari, Ted Habeck, Ian Molloy, Youngja Park, Wilfried Teiken
June 2013
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.25 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 140,   Downloads (Overall): 376,    Citation Count: 0

Relying on an access control security policy alone to protect valuable resources is a dangerous practice. Prudent security must engage in other risk management and mitigation techniques to rapidly detect and recover from breaches. In reality, many security ...
Keywords: demonstration, insider threat, log analysis
983
CAT Detect (Computer Activity Timeline Detection): A tool for detecting inconsistency in computer activity timelines
Andrew Marrington, Ibrahim Baggili, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
August 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The construction of timelines of computer activity is a part of many digital investigations. These timelines of events are composed of traces of historical activity drawn from system logs and potentially from evidence of events found in the computer ...
Keywords: CAT detect, Event correlation, Happened-before, Precondition event, Timeline inconsistency
984
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Anoop Singhal, Theodore Winograd, Karen A. Scarfone
August 2007
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (1.21 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count: 2

The advance of Web services technologies promises to have far-reaching effects on the Internet and enterprise networks. Web services based on the eXtensible Markup Language (XML), SOAP, and related open standards, and deployed in Service Oriented Architectures ...
Keywords: Application security, Web services
985
Accounting and Accountability in Content Distribution Architectures: A Survey
Diarmuid Ó Coileáin, Donal O'mahony
May 2015
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (533.29 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 106,   Downloads (12 Months): 199,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count: 0

Many content distribution architectures offer desirable elements that lead to less bandwidth usage, reduced network congestion, higher content availability, and reduced costs. However, their level of adoption and utilization in commercial environments ...
Keywords: Accountability, CDN-P2P, caching, content distribution, content distribution network, information-centric networking, peer-to-peer
986
Spatio-temporal decomposition, clustering and identification for alert detection in system logs
A. Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios, Markus Latzel
March 2012
SAC '12: Proceedings of the 27th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (993.01 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 74,    Citation Count:

In this work, we propose an approach based on analyzing the spatio-temporal partitions of a system log, generated by supercomputers consisting of several nodes, for alert detection without employing semantic analysis. In this case, "Spatial" refers to ...
Keywords: event log mining, fault management, network control and management, systems administration
987
Explanation and exploration Visualizing the topology of web information systems
ARNO SCHARL
September 2001
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 55 Issue 3
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Innovation substantially reduces the practical value of traditional communication models. This paper examines the role of conceptual, user-centric modelling of web information systems as a primary means of standardized visual communication between and ...
Keywords: clickstream analysis, data modeling, hypertext, information visualization, interface representation., navigational design, web development
988
Managing Catastrophic Loss of Sensitive Data: A Guide for IT and Security Professionals
Constantine Photopoulos
April 2008
Managing Catastrophic Loss of Sensitive Data: A Guide for IT and Security Professionals
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (1.45 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 0

Offering a structured approach to handling and recovering from a catastrophic data loss, this book will help both technical and non-technical professionals put effective processes in place to secure their business-critical information and provide a roadmap ...
Keywords: Security
989
Network forensics based on fuzzy logic and expert system
Niandong Liao, Shengfeng Tian, Tinghua Wang
November 2009
Computer Communications , Volume 32 Issue 17
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Network forensics is a research area that finds the malicious users by collecting and analyzing the intrusion or infringement evidence of computer crimes such as hacking. In the past, network forensics was only used by means of investigation. However, ...

Keywords: Expert system, Fuzzy logic, Intrusion detection system, Network forensics, Vulnerability scanning
990
Attribute-based encryption for fine-grained access control of encrypted data
Vipul Goyal, Omkant Pandey, Amit Sahai, Brent Waters
October 2006
CCS '06: Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (277.46 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 95,   Downloads (12 Months): 800,   Downloads (Overall): 4528,    Citation Count: 299

As more sensitive data is shared and stored by third-party sites on the Internet, there will be a need to encrypt data stored at these sites. One drawback of encrypting data, is that it can be selectively shared only at a coarse-grained level (i.e., ...
Keywords: access control, attribute-based encryption, audit logs, broadcast encryption, delegation, hierarchical identity-based encryption
991
Flow-net methodology for accountability in wireless networks
Yang Xiao
September 2009
IEEE Network: The Magazine of Global Internetworking , Volume 23 Issue 5
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Accountability implies that any entity should be held responsible for its own specific action or behavior so that the entity is part of larger chains of accountability. One of the goals of accountability is that once an event has transpired, the events ...
992
Advances in Onion Routing: Description and backtracing/investigation problems
Dario Forte
June 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Onion routers were born about 10 years ago as a sort of blended military/research project. The main goal of it was the avoidance of traffic analysis (TA). TA is used in part to identify the remote IP addresses that a given host seeks to contact. This ...
Keywords: Anonymizers, Antiforensic, Digital forensics, Log files analysis, Network intelligence, Network investigation, Onion routing, Privacy, Security, Traffic analysis
993
Benefits and Challenges for BPM in the Cloud
Ute Riemann
January 2015
International Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Business processes are not only variable, they are dynamic as well. A key benefit of BPM is the ability to adjust processes accordingly in response to changing market requirements. In parallel to BPM, enterprise cloud computing technology has emerged ...
994
Self-adaptation through incremental generative model transformations at runtime
Bihuan Chen, Xin Peng, Yijun Yu, Bashar Nuseibeh, Wenyun Zhao
May 2014
ICSE 2014: Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (738.76 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 160,   Downloads (Overall): 171,    Citation Count: 0

A self-adaptive system uses runtime models to adapt its architecture to the changing requirements and contexts. However, there is no one-to-one mapping between the requirements in the problem space and the architectural elements in the solution space. ...
Keywords: Self-adaptive system, architecture, design decisions, model transformation, requirements, runtime model
995
Diagnosis of software failures using computational geometry
Edward Stehle, Kevin Lynch, Maxim Shevertalov, Chris Rorres, Spiros Mancoridis
November 2011
ASE '11: Proceedings of the 2011 26th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: PDF (197.79 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count:

Complex software systems have become commonplace in modern organizations and are considered critical to their daily operations. They are expected to run on a diverse set of platforms while interoperating with a wide variety of other applications. Although ...
996
Soft Computing Techniques Applied to Corporate and Personal Security
Paloma de las Cuevas Delgado, Juan Julián Merelo, Pablo García Sánchez
July 2015
GECCO Companion '15: Proceedings of the Companion Publication of the 2015 on Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (691.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 30,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count: 0

Inside a "Bring Your Own Device" environment, the employees can freely use their devices. This allows them mix their personal and work life, but at the same time, if the users are not aware of a risky situation, or that situation is not covered by a ...
Keywords: classification, corporate security policies, data mining, evolutionary algorithms, machine learning
997
(Awarded Best Paper!) Work-Augmented Laziness with the Los Task Request System
November 2002
LISA '02: Proceedings of the 16th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Quotidian system administration is often characterized by the fulfillment of common user requests, especially on sites that serve a variety of needs. User creation, group management, and mail alias maintenance are just three examples of the many repetitive ...
998
Data Warehousing in the Age of Big Data, 1st edition
Krish Krishnan
May 2013
Data Warehousing in the Age of Big Data, 1st edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.04 MB),  PDF (17.20 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 29,   Downloads (12 Months): 321,   Downloads (Overall): 429,    Citation Count: 0

Data Warehousing in the Age of the Big Data will help you and your organization make the most of unstructured data with your existing data warehouse. As Big Data continues to revolutionize how we use data, it doesn't have to create more confusion. ...
999
Fourth-factor authentication: somebody you know
John Brainard, Ari Juels, Ronald L. Rivest, Michael Szydlo, Moti Yung
October 2006
CCS '06: Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (372.40 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 81,   Downloads (Overall): 2071,    Citation Count: 14

User authentication in computing systems traditionally depends on three factors: something you have (e.g., a hardware token), something you are (e.g., a fingerprint), and something you know (e.g., a password). In this paper, we explore a fourth factor, ...
Keywords: authentication, hardware tokens, vouchers
1000
Symptom-based problem determination using log data abstraction
Liang Huang, Xiaodi Ke, Kenny Wong, Serge Mankovskii
November 2010
CASCON '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp. Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.86 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 209,    Citation Count: 3

System failures in industry are expensive, and the increasingly stringent requirements on performance and reliability of enterprise systems have made the detection and diagnosis of system failures crucial and challenging. Log files generated at the system ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  50   51   52   53   54    next    >>
1001
Distributed privacy-preserving transparency logging
Tobias Pulls, Roel Peeters, Karel Wouters
November 2013
WPES '13: Proceedings of the 12th ACM workshop on Workshop on privacy in the electronic society
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.15 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 56,   Downloads (Overall): 105,    Citation Count: 0

We present a transparency-enhancing tool in the form of a cryptographic scheme that enables data processors to inform users about the actual data processing that takes place on their personal data. Our proposed solution can handle arbitrary processes ...
Keywords: applied cryptography, data processing, distributed, privacy, transparency-enhancing tool
1002
User-Centered Agents for Structured Information Location
Xindong Wu, Daniel Ngu, Sameer S. Pradhan
January 2001
E-Commerce Agents, Marketplace Solutions, Security Issues, and Supply and Demand
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper designs an electronic commerce system that integrates conventional electronic commerce services with contemporary WWW advantages, such as comprehensive coverage and agents for information search and selection. We use a user-centered approach ...
1003
Selecting a trusted cloud service provider for your SaaS program
Changlong Tang, Jiqiang Liu
May 2015
Computers and Security , Volume 50 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Software as a Service (SaaS) offers major business and IT benefits that organizations are looking to take advantage of. SaaS adoption presents serious and unique security risks. Moving a company's sensitive data into the hands of cloud providers expands ...
Keywords: Auditability, Cloud security, Function, Governability, Interoperability, SaaS, Security assurance, Software as a service, Trusted cloud services
1004
User k-anonymity for privacy preserving data mining of query logs
Guillermo Navarro-Arribas, Vicenç Torra, Arnau Erola, Jordi Castellí-Roca
May 2012
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 48 Issue 3
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

The anonymization of query logs is an important process that needs to be performed prior to the publication of such sensitive data. This ensures the anonymity of the users in the logs, a problem that has been already found in released logs from well ...
Keywords: Clustering, Microaggregation, Privacy, Query log, Web search, k-Anonymity
1005
SP 800-66 Rev. 1. An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule
Matthew A. Scholl, Kevin M. Stine, Joan Hash, Pauline Bowen, L. Arnold Johnson, Carla Dancy Smith, Daniel I. Steinberg
October 2008
SP 800-66 Rev. 1. An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (681.18 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count: 1

Special Publication 800-66 Rev. 1, An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Probability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule, which discusses security considerations and resources that may provide value when implementing ...
Keywords: HIPAA, Healthcare, Information Security, security Rule
1006
A formal implementation of value commitment
Cédric Fournet, Nataliya Guts, Francesco Zappa Nardelli
March 2008
ESOP'08/ETAPS'08: Proceedings of the Theory and practice of software, 17th European conference on Programming languages and systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

In an optimistic approach to security, one can often simplify protocol design by relying on audit logs, which can be analyzed a posteriori. Such auditing is widely used in practice, but no formal studies guarantee that the log information suffices to ...
1007
Automating the Generation of User Activity Timelines on Microsoft Vista and Windows 7 Operating Systems
Stephen O'Shaughnessy, Anthony Keane
April 2012
International Journal of Ambient Computing and Intelligence , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

For many computer forensics investigations, the discovery of the complete activity history of users is an essential part of the process; however, due to the complexity and variety of current modern personal computer operating systems, the availability ...
Keywords: Computer Forensics, Data Retrieval, Forensic Timelines, User Activity, User Activity Tracker UAT
1008
R&D: Leaving a trace
Steve Gold
September 2008
Infosecurity , Volume 5 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IT forensics is seen by many in the industry as something of a black art. But it's actually a highly professional discipline, with professional software to assist, Steve Gold discovers
1009
Experimental analysis of application-level intrusion detection algorithms
Yuhong Dong, Sam Hsu, Saeed Rajput, Bing Wu
March 2010
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 5 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Intrusion Detection System (IDS) plays a very important role on information security. In this paper, we present an application-level intrusion detection algorithm named Graph-based Sequence-Learning Algorithm (GSLA). GSLA ...
Keywords: IDS, anomaly detection, graph-based sequence learning, information security, intrusion detection system, network security
1010
A configurable cryptography subsystem in a middleware framework for embedded systems
A. David McKinnon, David E. Bakken, John C. Shovic
December 2004
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 46 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer and network security is becoming increasingly important as both large systems and, increasingly small, embedded systems are networked. Middleware frameworks aid the system developer who must interconnect individual systems into larger interconnected, ...

Keywords: CORBA, Embedded systems, Middleware, Security
1011
SIP CLF: a common log format (CLF) for the session initiation protocol (SIP)
Vijay K. Gurbani, Eric Burger, Carol Davids, Tricha Anjali
October 2010
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Web servers such as Apache and web proxies like Squid support event logging using a common log format. The logs produced using these de-facto standard formats are invaluable to system administrators for troubleshooting a server and tool writers to craft ...
1012
GLoP: Enabling Massively Parallel Incident Response Through GPU Log Processing
Xavier J. A. Bellekens, Christos Tachtatzis, Robert C. Atkinson, Craig Renfrew, Tony Kirkham
September 2014
SIN '14: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (329.62 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 40,    Citation Count: 0

Large industrial systems that combine services and applications, have become targets for cyber criminals and are challenging from the security, monitoring and auditing perspectives. Security log analysis is a key step for uncovering anomalies, detecting ...
Keywords: CUDA, GPU, Pattern Matching, Security
1013
The human element: training, awareness, and human resources implications of health information security policy under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Jeremy S. Craig
September 2009
InfoSecCD '09: 2009 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (93.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 302,    Citation Count:

The Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) has created many regulations that health care providers must follow to assure health information security, with critical obligations toward pieces of the human element --- training, ...
Keywords: HIPAA, electronic medical records, health information security, health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, human resources, security training
1014
SP 800-14. Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems
Marianne Swanson, Barbara Guttman
September 1996
SP 800-14. Generally Accepted Principles and Practices for Securing Information Technology Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (284.53 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 151,   Downloads (Overall): 171,    Citation Count: 2

As more organizations share information electronically, a common understanding of what is needed and expected in securing information technology (IT) resources is required. This document provides a baseline that organizations can use to establish and ...
Keywords: IT security, security baseline, security practices, security principles
1015
Proposing regulatory-driven automated test suites for electronic health record systems
Patrick Morrison, Casper Holmgreen, Aaron Massey, Laurie Williams
May 2013
SEHC '13: Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Software Engineering in Health Care
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: PDF (191.63 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 13,    Citation Count: 0

In regulated domains such as finance and health care, failure to comply with regulation can lead to financial, civil and criminal penalties. While systems vary from organization to organization, regulations apply across organizations. We propose the ...
Keywords: behavior-driven-development, healthcare it, regulatory compliance, security, software engineering, software testing
1016
PeerReview re-evaluation for accountability in distributed systems or networks
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
August 2012
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Accountability implies that any entity shall be held responsible for its own specific actions and behaviour, so that the entity is part of a larger chain of accountability. PeerReview (Haeberlen et al., 2007) is a software library that provides accountability ...
1017
Behavioral resource-aware model inference
Tony Ohmann, Michael Herzberg, Sebastian Fiss, Armand Halbert, Marc Palyart, Ivan Beschastnikh, Yuriy Brun
September 2014
ASE '14: Proceedings of the 29th ACM/IEEE international conference on Automated software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (688.26 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 107,    Citation Count: 1

Software bugs often arise because of differences between what developers think their system does and what the system actually does. These differences frustrate debugging and comprehension efforts. We describe Perfume, an automated approach for inferring ...
Keywords: comprehension, debugging, log analysis, model inference, performance, perfume, system understanding
1018
Check Point NGX R65 Security Administration
Ralph Bonnell
March 2008
Check Point NGX R65 Security Administration
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (16.40 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 68,    Citation Count: 0

Check Point NGX R65 is the next major release of Check Point's flagship firewall software product, which has over 750,000 registered users. Check Point's NGX is the underlying security software platform for all of the company's enterprise firewall, VPN ...
Keywords: Operating Systems, Security
1019
SP 800-44 Version 2. Guidelines on Securing Public Web Servers
Miles Tracy, Wayne Jansen, Karen A. Scarfone, Theodore Winograd
September 2007
SP 800-44 Version 2. Guidelines on Securing Public Web Servers
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (982.73 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 72,    Citation Count: 1

Web servers are often the most targeted and attacked hosts on organizations' networks. As a result, it is essential to secure Web servers and the network infrastructure that supports them. This document is intended to assist organizations in installing, ...
Keywords: Web server, Web server security
1020
Accurate and large-scale privacy-preserving data mining using the election paradigm
Emmanouil Magkos, Manolis Maragoudakis, Vassilis Chrissikopoulos, Stefanos Gritzalis
November 2009
Data & Knowledge Engineering , Volume 68 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

With the proliferation of the Web and ICT technologies there have been concerns about the handling and use of sensitive information by data mining systems. Recent research has focused on distributed environments where the participants in the system may ...

Keywords: Distributed data mining, Homomorphic encryption, Random Forests classification, Security and privacy
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  51   52   53   54   55    next    >>
1021
In-situ MapReduce for log processing
Dionysios Logothetis, Chris Trezzo, Kevin C. Webb, Kenneth Yocum
June 2011
HotCloud'11: Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX conference on Hot topics in cloud computing
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log analytics are a bedrock component of running many of today's Internet sites. Application and click logs form the basis for tracking and analyzing customer behaviors and preferences, and they form the basic inputs to ad-targeting algorithms. Logs ...
1022
Investigating the Needs, Capabilities and Decision Making Mechanisms in Digital Preservation: Insights from a Multiple Case Study
Daniel Burda, Frank Teuteberg
July 2013
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 26 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Firms are required to consciously retain information in an effort to ensure compliance with legal and business needs. However, sustained accessibility to digital information cannot be taken for granted as it is threatened by expeditiously changing technologies ...
Keywords: Case Study, Digital Preservation, Information Governance, Organizational Information Processing Theory, Retention Management
1023
Behavior-based access control for distributed healthcare systems
Mohammad H. Yarmand, Kamran Sartipi, Douglas G. Down
January 2013
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 21 Issue 1
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Sensitivity of clinical data and strict rules regarding data sharing have caused privacy and security to be critical requirements for using patient profiles in distributed healthcare systems. The amalgamation of new information technology with traditional ...
Keywords: Access Control, Healthcare Standards, Interoperability, Privacy Specification, User Behavior
1024
Eagle Eye: An Accountable Logging Framework for Distributed Systems
Nandhakumar Kathiresshan
August 2012
Eagle Eye: An Accountable Logging Framework for Distributed Systems
Publisher: LAP Lambert Academic Publishing
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Although security has been addressed in various aspects, accountability is a main stream of security which is lacking in todays computer systems. The ability to not just detect errors but also to find the reason for the failure and also the system in ...
1025
CASA: context-aware scalable authentication
Eiji Hayashi, Sauvik Das, Shahriyar Amini, Jason Hong, Ian Oakley
July 2013
SOUPS '13: Proceedings of the Ninth Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (1.43 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 167,   Downloads (Overall): 309,    Citation Count: 6

We introduce context-aware scalable authentication (CASA) as a way of balancing security and usability for authentication. Our core idea is to choose an appropriate form of active authentication (e.g., typing a PIN) based on the combination of multiple ...
Keywords: context-aware, mobile, user authentication
1026
The Obama EHR Experiment
Ralph Grams
April 2012
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 36 Issue 2
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
1027
Building a 100K log/sec logging infrastructure
David Lang
December 2012
lisa'12: Proceedings of the 26th international conference on Large Installation System Administration: strategies, tools, and techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A look at the logging infrastructure that one division of Intuit built that included the requirement to handle 100K lines of logs per second with the logs being delivered to several destinations (including proprietary appliances) This paper will cover ...
1028
Baaz: a system for detecting access control misconfigurations
Tathagata Das, Ranjita Bhagwan, Prasad Naldurg
August 2010
USENIX Security'10: Proceedings of the 19th USENIX conference on Security
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Maintaining correct access control to shared resources such as file servers, wikis, and databases is an important part of enterprise network management. A combination of many factors, including high rates of churn in organizational roles, policy changes, ...
1029
Optimizing data analysis with a semi-structured time series database
Ledion Bitincka, Archana Ganapathi, Stephen Sorkin, Steve Zhang
October 2010
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Most modern systems generate abundant and diverse log data. With dwindling storage costs, there are fewer reasons to summarize or discard data. However, the lack of tools to efficiently store and cross-correlate heterogeneous datasets makes it tedious ...
1030
SP 800-57. Recommendation for Key Management, Part 1: General (revised)
Elaine B. Barker, William C. Barker, William E. Burr, W. Timothy Polk, Miles E. Smid
March 2007
SP 800-57. Recommendation for Key Management, Part 1: General (revised)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (405.46 KB),  PDF (1.15 MB),  PDF (532.17 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 32,   Downloads (12 Months): 319,   Downloads (Overall): 331,    Citation Count: 21

This Recommendation provides cryptographic key management guidance. It consists of three parts. Part 1 provides general guidance and best practices for the management of cryptographic keying material. Part 2 provides guidance on policy and security planning ...
Keywords: Assurances, authentication, authorization, availability, backup, compromise, confidentiality, cryptanalysis, cryptographic key, cryptographic module, digital signature, hash function, key agreement, key management, key management policy, key recovery, key transport, originator usage period, private key, public key, recipient usage period, secret key, split knowledge, trust anchor.
1031
Data preparation of web log files for marketing aspects analyses
Meike Reichle, Petra Perner, Klaus-Dieter Althoff
July 2006
ICDM'06: Proceedings of the 6th Industrial Conference on Data Mining conference on Advances in Data Mining: applications in Medicine, Web Mining, Marketing, Image and Signal Mining
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This article deals with several aspects of a marketing-oriented analysis of web log files. It discusses their preprocessing and possible ways to enrich the raw data that can be gained from a web log file in order to facilitate a later use in different ...
1032
Amulet: a secure architecture for mHealth applications for low-power wearable devices
Andres Molina-Markham, Ronald Peterson, Joseph Skinner, Tianlong Yun, Bhargav Golla, Kevin Freeman, Travis Peters, Jacob Sorber, Ryan Halter, David Kotz
November 2014
MMA '14: Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Mobile Medical Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (660.32 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 103,   Downloads (Overall): 103,    Citation Count: 0

Interest in using mobile technologies for health-related applications (mHealth) has increased. However, none of the available mobile platforms provide the essential properties that are needed by these applications. An mHealth platform must be (i) secure; ...
Keywords: low-power, mHealth, secure architecture, wearable devices
1033
Log analysis of exploitation in cloud computing environment using automated reasoning
Ruo Ando, Kang Byung, Youki Kadobayashi
November 2010
ICONIP'10: Proceedings of the 17th international conference on Neural information processing: models and applications - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently server consolidation using virtualization leverages cloud computing. In cloud computing, we can apply centralized logging system using server consolidation. In this paper we propose a log analysis method in cloud computing environment using ...
Keywords: IaaS, automated reasoning, cloud computing, internet explorer, log analysis
1034
Feature: SubSeven's Honey Pot Program
Abiola Abimbola, David Gresty, Qi Shi
July 2002
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A serious security threat today are malicious executables, especially new, unseen malicious executables often arriving as email attachments. These new malicious executables are created at the rate of thousands every year^1 and pose a serious threat. ...
1035
An investigation of Zipf's Law for fraud detection (DSS#06-10-1826R(2))
Shi-Ming Huang, David C. Yen, Luen-Wei Yang, Jing-Shiuan Hua
December 2008
Decision Support Systems , Volume 46 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Fraud risk is higher than ever before. Unfortunately, many auditors lack the expertise to deal with the related risks. The objectives of this research are to develop an innovative fraud detection mechanism on the basis of Zipf's Law. The purpose of this ...

Keywords: Benford's Law, Fraud detection, Misclassification cost matrix, Quasi-experiment research, Zipf's Law
1036
The meaning of logs
Sandro Etalle, Fabio Massacci, Artsiom Yautsiukhin
September 2007
TrustBus'07: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Trust, Privacy and Security in Digital Business
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

While logging events is becoming increasingly common in computing, in communication and in collaborative environments, log systems need to satisfy increasingly challenging (if not conflicting) requirements. In this paper we propose a high-level framework ...
1037
Considerations for recruiting contributions to anonymised data sets
Eelco Herder, Ricardo Kawase
July 2012
International Journal of Technology Enhanced Learning , Volume 4 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

For the improvement and evaluation of learning management systems as well as concepts and tools for personal history, the availability of suitable data has become increasingly important. In this paper we discuss considerations for creating such a data ...
1038
Using geographic information systems for enhanced network security visualization
David Shelly, Matthew Dunlop, Randy Marchany, Peter Sforza
June 2010
COM.Geo '10: Proceedings of the 1st International Conference and Exhibition on Computing for Geospatial Research & Application
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (863.96 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 335,    Citation Count:

The sheer volume of information that floods a network makes it difficult for network analysts to identify and isolate network security threats. This difficulty is compounded by the fact that the tools available to accomplish this task lack usability ...
1039
Towards a unified taxonomy and architecture of cloud frameworks
Robert Dukaric, Matjaz B. Juric
July 2013
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 29 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) is one of the most important layers of Cloud Computing. However, there is an evident deficiency of mechanisms for analysis, comparison and evaluation of IaaS cloud implementations, since no unified taxonomy or reference ...
Keywords: Architectural framework, Cloud Computing, Infrastructure as a service, Taxonomy
1040
Hacking Web Apps: Detecting and Preventing Web Application Security Problems, 1st edition
Mike Shema
October 2012
Hacking Web Apps: Detecting and Preventing Web Application Security Problems, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.82 MB),  PDF (23.03 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 220,    Citation Count: 1

How can an information security professional keep up with all of the hacks, attacks, and exploits on the Web? One way is to read Hacking Web Apps. The content for this book has been selected by author Mike Shema to make sure that we are covering ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  52   53   54   55   56    next    >>
1041
Combining Discretionary Policy with Mandatory Information Flow in Operating Systems
Ziqing Mao, Ninghui Li, Hong Chen, Xuxian Jiang
November 2011
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (730.61 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 93,   Downloads (Overall): 482,    Citation Count:

Discretionary Access Control (DAC) is the primary access control mechanism in today’s major operating systems. It is, however, vulnerable to Trojan Horse attacks and attacks exploiting buggy software. We propose to combine the discretionary policy ...
Keywords: Operating system, discretionary access control, information flow, mandatory access control
1042
Overview of the workshop on managing large-scale systems via the analysis of system logs and the application of machine learning techniques
Peter Bodík
January 2012
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 45 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (556.33 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 162,    Citation Count:
1043
Investigating the PROCESS block for memory analysis
Khairul Akram Zainol Ariffin, Ahmad Kamil Mahmood, Jafreezal Jaafar
October 2011
ACS'11: Proceedings of the 11th WSEAS international conference on Applied computer science
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Over the past few years, memory analysis has been an issue that has been discussed in digital forensics. A number of tools have been released that focus on memory acquisition of Windows system. However, the implementation of memory analysis is still ...
Keywords: algorithm design, digital forensic, memory analysis, operating system
1044
Insider Attacks: Barbarians inside the gates: addressing internal security threats
Mike Kemp
June 2005
Network Security , Volume 2005 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A common misconception concerning network security is that the infrastructure is at considerable risk from external attackers. Although there is always the opportunity that an enterprise environment may be targeted by a skilled, and above all, patient ...
1045
Clustering event logs using iterative partitioning
Adetokunbo A.O. Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios
June 2009
KDD '09: Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mp4 (1268041:1 MIN),  PDF (1.28 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 712,    Citation Count: 18

The importance of event logs, as a source of information in systems and network management cannot be overemphasized. With the ever increasing size and complexity of today's event logs, the task of analyzing event logs has become cumbersome to carry out ...

Keywords: event log mining, fault management, telecommunications
1046
Universal serial bus based software attacks and protection solutions
Dung Vu Pham, Ali Syed, Malka N. Halgamuge
April 2011
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 7 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information security risks associated with Universal Serial Bus (USB) storage devices have been serious issues since 2003, which marked the wide adoption of USB technologies in the computing industry, especially in corporate networks. Due to the insecure ...
Keywords: Autorun, Flash drive, Hack tool, Malware, USB
1047
Towards a requirements-driven framework for detecting malicious behavior against software systems
Hamzeh Zawawy, Kostas Kontogiannis, John Mylopoulos, Serge Mankovskii
November 2011
CASCON '11: Proceedings of the 2011 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: PDF (1.11 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 21,    Citation Count: 0

Root cause determination for software failures that occurred due to intentional or unintentional third party activities is a difficult and challenging task. In this paper, we propose a new technique for identifying the root causes of system failures ...
1048
Nexus authorization logic (NAL): Design rationale and applications
Fred B. Schneider, Kevin Walsh, Emin Gün Sirer
May 2011
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 14 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (304.30 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 309,    Citation Count: 14

Nexus Authorization Logic (NAL) provides a principled basis for specifying and reasoning about credentials and authorization policies. It extends prior access control logics that are based on “says” and “speaks for” operators. ...
Keywords: Authorization logic, CDD, credentials-based authorization
1049
Activity logging using lightweight classification techniques in mobile devices
Henar Martín, Ana M. Bernardos, Josué Iglesias, José R. Casar
April 2013
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 17 Issue 4
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: PDF (659.90 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 158,   Downloads (Overall): 503,    Citation Count: 2

Automated activity recognition enables a wide variety of applications related to child and elderly care, disease diagnosis and treatment, personal health or sports training, for which it is key to seamlessly determine and log the user's motion. This ...
Keywords: Activity recognition, Context awareness, Life logging, Mobile application, Pattern recognition, Personal health
1050
Origins: an approach to trace fast spreading worms to their roots
Andrew L. Burt, Michael Darschewski, Indrajit Ray, Ramakrishna Thurimella, Hailin Wu
January 2008
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 3 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

An automatic distributed mechanism is proposed to identify the propagation roots of fast spreading internet worms. The information obtained can be used to identify local worm outbreaks, identify network intrusion, identify internal network misuse, ...

Keywords: attack trace-back, computer worm attacks, internet worms, intrusion detection, network security, simulation, worm origins
1051
SecSyslog: an Approach to Secure Logging Based on Covert Channels
Dario V. Forte, Cristiano Maruti, Michele R. Vetturi, Michele Zambelli
November 2005
SADFE '05: Proceedings of the First International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering (SADFE'05) on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Today log traces are widely used to identify and prevent violations of corporate information systems. The most recent logging trend is to manage most level 3 ISO/OSI traffic via pcapcompatibile output. But use of syslog is still very widespread, as are ...

Keywords: Log analysis, Forensic, Log Correlation, Log Integrity, Covert Channel, Spyware.
1052
Consumer privacy expectations in a virtual environment: a framework for corporate risk assessment
Janice C. Sipior, Burke T. Ward, Nicholas M. Rongione
August 2009
International Journal of Networking and Virtual Organisations , Volume 6 Issue 6
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The technological capabilities in a virtual environment enable a wealth of information concerning consumer characteristics and preferences to be gathered, combined and disseminated, with relative ease, during electronic commerce (e-commerce) ...

Keywords: consumer privacy, consumer protection, corporate risk assessment, e-commerce, electronic commerce, fair information practices, information privacy, internet, online legal issues, personal information, privacy expectations, privacy policy, self-regulatory practices
1053
I felt like a contributing member of the class: increasing class participation with classcommons
Honglu Du, Mary Beth Rosson, John M. Carroll, Craig Ganoe
May 2009
GROUP '09: Proceedings of the ACM 2009 international conference on Supporting group work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.29 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 509,    Citation Count: 6

In this paper we describe the design and first deployment experiences of a platform-independent, interactive video commenting system, ClassCommons, using a large public display in two sections of a large-enrollment university class. Our preliminary evaluation ...

Keywords: public display, sense of community, video commenting
1054
Authentic time-stamps for archival storage
Alina Oprea, Kevin D. Bowers
September 2009
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

We study the problem of authenticating the content and creation time of documents generated by an organization and retained in archival storage. Recent regulations (e.g., the Sarbanes-Oxley act and the Securities and Exchange Commission rule) mandate ...
Keywords: archival storage, authenticated data structures, regulatory compliance, time-stamping
1055
Study on poll-site voting and verification systems
Roger Jardí-Cedó, Jordi Pujol-Ahulló, Jordi Castellí-Roca, Alexandre Viejo
November 2012
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Voting is an important part of the democratic process. The electorate makes a decision or expresses an opinion that is accepted by everyone. However, some individual or group may be interested in tampering with the elections process to force an outcome ...
Keywords: E-Voting, Electronic voting, Evaluation framework, Paper-based voting, Poll-site voting, Verification, Voting systems
1056
Elastic pathing: your speed is enough to track you
Xianyi Gao, Bernhard Firner, Shridatt Sugrim, Victor Kaiser-Pendergrast, Yulong Yang, Janne Lindqvist
September 2014
UbiComp '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (411.04 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 30,   Downloads (12 Months): 377,   Downloads (Overall): 377,    Citation Count: 0

Today, people have the opportunity to opt-in to usage-based automotive insurances for reduced premiums by allowing companies to monitor their driving behavior. Several companies claim to measure only speed data to preserve privacy. With our elastic pathing ...
Keywords: destination prediction, elastic pathing, location privacy, usage-based automotive insurance
1057
Learning to Detect and Classify Malicious Executables in the Wild
J. Zico Kolter, Marcus A. Maloof
December 2006
The Journal of Machine Learning Research , Volume 7
Publisher: JMLR.org
Full text available: PDF (242.79 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 1015,    Citation Count: 63

We describe the use of machine learning and data mining to detect and classify malicious executables as they appear in the wild. We gathered 1,971 benign and 1,651 malicious executables and encoded each as a training example using n-grams of byte ...
1058
Toward a Data Spillage Prevention Process in Hadoop using Data Provenance
Oluwatosin Alabi, Joe Beckman, Melissa Dark, John Springer
June 2015
CLHS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Workshop on Changing Landscapes in HPC Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 24,    Citation Count: 0

Recent data breaches involving large companies have demonstrated that the loss of control over protected and confidential data can become a serious threat to business operations and national security. As the use of Hadoop continues to grow rapidly, the ...
Keywords: data provenance, hadoop, parallel data systems
1059
Where do developers log? an empirical study on logging practices in industry
Qiang Fu, Jieming Zhu, Wenlu Hu, Jian-Guang Lou, Rui Ding, Qingwei Lin, Dongmei Zhang, Tao Xie
May 2014
ICSE Companion 2014: Companion Proceedings of the 36th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (739.11 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 121,    Citation Count: 2

System logs are widely used in various tasks of software system management. It is crucial to avoid logging too little or too much. To achieve so, developers need to make informed decisions on where to log and what to log in their logging practices during ...
Keywords: Logging practice, automatic logging, developer survey
1060
Site Security Handbook
B. Fraser
September 1997
Site Security Handbook
Publisher: RFC Editor
Full text available: Txt (191.77 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 217,    Citation Count: 2

This handbook is a guide to developing computer security policies and procedures for sites that have systems on the Internet. The purpose of this handbook is to provide practical guidance to administrators trying to secure their information and services. ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  53   54   55   56    next    >>
1061
Evaluation of e-learning systems based on fuzzy clustering models and statistical tools
Mofreh A. Hogo
October 2010
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 10
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

This paper introduces a hybridization approach of AI techniques and statistical tools to evaluate and adapt the e-learning systems including e-learners. Learner's profile plays a crucial role in the evaluation process and the recommendations to improve ...
Keywords: Fuzzy C-means clustering, Kernelized FCM, Learner profile, Log file analyzer, e-Learning
1062
A quantitative study of Public Key Infrastructures
D Bruschi, A Curti, E Rosti
January 2003
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Public Key Infrastructures have not reached the widespread diffusion expected of them, although they are well understood from a security point of view, because, like many say, the killer application has not been found yet. The lack of a clear understanding ...
1063
Executable misuse cases for modeling security concerns
Jon Whittle, Duminda Wijesekera, Mark Hartong
May 2008
ICSE '08: Proceedings of the 30th international conference on Software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (340.91 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 832,    Citation Count: 5

Misuse cases are a way of modeling negative requirements, that is, behaviors that should not occur in a system. In particular, they can be used to model attacks on a system as well as the security mechanisms needed to avoid them. However, like use cases, ...
Keywords: aspect scenarios, misuse cases
1064
Review: Network attacks: Taxonomy, tools and systems
N. Hoque, Monowar H. Bhuyan, R. C. Baishya, D. K. Bhattacharyya, J. K. Kalita
April 2014
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 40
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

To prevent and defend networks from the occurrence of attacks, it is highly essential that we have a broad knowledge of existing tools and systems available in the public domain. Based on the behavior and possible impact or severity of damages, attacks ...
Keywords: DoS, Network attacks, Protocol, Systems, Tools
1065
Auditing a database under retention policies
Wentian Lu, Gerome Miklau, Neil Immerman
April 2013
The VLDB Journal — The International Journal on Very Large Data Bases , Volume 22 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Full text available: PDF (687.21 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 62,   Downloads (Overall): 176,    Citation Count: 1

Auditing the changes to a database is critical for identifying malicious behavior, maintaining data quality, and improving system performance. But an accurate audit log is an historical record of the past that can also pose a serious threat to privacy. ...
Keywords: Auditing, Privacy, Retention policy
1066
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Thomas W. Shinder, Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Adrian F. Dimcev, James Eaton-Lee, Jason Jones, Steve Moffat
December 2007
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (15.20 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 1

Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide provides a clear, concise, and thorough path to migrate from previous versions of ISA Server to ISA Server 2006. ISA Server 2006 is an incremental upgrade from ISA Server 2004, this book provides all ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security, Windows
1067
End-to-end privacy control in service outsourcing of human intensive processes: A multi-layered Web service integration approach
Patrick C. Hung, Dickson K. Chiu, W. W. Fung, William K. Cheung, Raymond Wong, Samuel P. Choi, Eleanna Kafeza, James Kwok, Joshua C. Pun, Vivying S. Cheng
March 2007
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 9 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

With the recent adoption of service outsourcing, there have been increasing general demands and concerns for privacy control, in addition to basic requirement of integration. The traditional practice of a bulk transmission of the customers' information ...

Keywords: APPEL, Layered architecture, Need-to-know principle, P3P, Privacy policies, SLA, Web service integration
1068
Applying Hadoop for log analysis toward distributed IDS
Jakrarin Therdphapiyanak, Krerk Piromsopa
January 2013
ICUIMC '13: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (392.38 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 349,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper, we apply Hadoop for large-scale log analysis. Our main objective is to efficiently detect an abnormal traffic from high volume data. Due to the high volume of data traffics, the size of traffic logs is usually exceed the capacity of a ...
Keywords: distributed log analysis, log analysis, log analysis using Hadoop, map-reduce
1069
Mapping internet sensors with probe response attacks
John Bethencourt, Jason Franklin, Mary Vernon
July 2005
SSYM'05: Proceedings of the 14th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 14 , Volume 14
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 32

Internet sensor networks, including honeypots and log analysis centers such as the SANS Internet Storm Center, are used as a tool to detect malicious Internet traffic. For maximum effectiveness, such networks publish public reports without disclosing ...
1070
Advances and Current State of the Security and Privacy in Electronic Health Records: Survey from a Social Perspective
Antonio Tejero, Isabel Torre
October 2012
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 36 Issue 5
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

E-Health systems are experiencing an impulse in these last years, when many medical agencies began to include digital solutions into their platforms. Electronic Health Records (EHRs) are one of the most important improvements, being in its most part ...
Keywords: E-health, EHR, Privacy, Security
1071
Splash: ad-hoc querying of data and statistical models
Lujun Fang, Kristen LeFevre
March 2010
EDBT '10: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (963.35 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 233,    Citation Count:

Data mining is increasingly performed by people who are not computer scientists or professional programmers. It is often done as an iterative process involving multiple ad-hoc tasks, as well as data pre- and post-processing, all of which must be executed ...
1072
Developing a secure distributed OSGI cloud computing infrastructure for sharing health records
Sabah Mohammed, Daniel Servos, Jinan Fiaidhi
June 2011
AIS'11: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Autonomous and intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Cloud Computing has become an emerging computing paradigm which brings new opportunities and challenges to overcome. While the cloud provides seemingly limitless scalability and an alternative to expensive data center infrastructure, it raises new issues ...
Keywords: cloud computing, cloud security, distributed OSGi, electronic healthcare records
1073
The case for mobile forensics of private data leaks: towards large-scale user-oriented privacy protection
Joseph Chan Joo Keng, Tan Kiat Wee, Lingxiao Jiang, Rajesh Krishna Balan
July 2013
APSys '13: Proceedings of the 4th Asia-Pacific Workshop on Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (135.65 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 62,   Downloads (Overall): 179,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy protection against mobile applications on mobile devices is becoming a serious concern as user sensitive data may be leaked without proper justification. Most current leak detection tools only report leaked private data, but provide inadequate ...
1074
PeerReview: practical accountability for distributed systems
Andreas Haeberlen, Petr Kouznetsov, Peter Druschel
October 2007
SOSP '07: Proceedings of twenty-first ACM SIGOPS symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: Mp3 (214390:50 MIN),  Mp4 (2958514:25 MIN),  PDF (363.72 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 1102,    Citation Count: 72

We describe PeerReview, a system that provides accountability in distributed systems. PeerReview ensures that Byzantine faults whose effects are observed by a correct node are eventually detected and irrefutably linked to a faulty node. At the same time, ...

Keywords: accountability, byzantine faults, distributed systems, fault detection

Also published in:
October 2007 SIGOPS Operating Systems Review Volume 41 Issue 6
1075
Log your CRUD: design principles for software logging mechanisms
Jason King, Laurie Williams
April 2014
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (517.93 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 41,    Citation Count: 1

According to a 2011 survey in healthcare, the most commonly reported breaches of protected health information involved employees snooping into medical records of friends and relatives. Logging mechanisms can provide a means for forensic analysis of user ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, black-box testing, case study, electronic health record software, healthcare, logging mechanism, nonrepudiation, science
1076
OpenFlow Virtual Appliance: An Efficient Security Interface For Cloud Forensic Spyware Robot
Ifeyinwa Eucharia Achumba, Kennedy Chinedu Okafor, Gloria N. Ezeh, Uchenna Hermes Diala
April 2015
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics vis-a-vis cloud computing offerings can be leveraged to address the needs of enterprise-grade spyware solutions online. A modular, extensible cloud architecture with intrinsic support for efficient security monitoring is proposed and ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, DataCenter, Network Forensics, OFVA, Openflow Hardware, Security, VSG
1077
Analytics for resiliency in the mainframe
L. Ein-Dor, Y. Goldschmidt, O. Lavi, G. E. Miller, M. Ninio, D. Dillenberger
September 2013
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 57 Issue 5
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The IBM System z® mainframe computer is a direct descendant of the IBM System/360 family of computing systems initially made available in 1965. With each release of an IBM mainframe, its developers include new reliability, availability, and serviceability ...
1078
A lightweight IP traceback mechanism on IPv6
Syed Obaid Amin, Myung Soo Kang, Choong Seon Hong
August 2006
EUC'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Emerging Directions in Embedded and Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Due to the stateless nature of the internet, it is an intricate problem to determine the source of spoofed attacking packets. To handle this problem we utilize the IP traceback mechanism to know the actual source of an IP datagram. While many IP traceback ...
1079
Online ID theft techniques, investigation and response
Olga Angelopoulou, Paula Thomas, Konstantinos Xynos, Theodore Tryfonas
January 2007
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

ID theft, especially in its online form, is currently one of the most prevalent types of computer crime. The limited end-user awareness as well as the retention and business processing of large amounts of personal data in a manner that does not meet ...

Keywords: computer forensics, cyber crime, digital evidence, digital forensics, e-crime, e-security, electronic security, fraud, identification theft, incident investigation, online ID theft
1080
Learning more about the underground economy: a case-study of keyloggers and dropzones
Thorsten Holz, Markus Engelberth, Felix Freiling
September 2009
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 20

We study an active underground economy that trades stolen digital credentials. In particular, we investigate keylogger-based stealing of credentials via dropzones, anonymous collection points of illicitly collected data. Based on the collected data from ...
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  54   55   56    next    >>
1081
Effective digital forensics research is investigator-centric
Robert J. Walls, Brian Neil Levine, Marc Liberatore, Clay Shields
August 2011
HotSec'11: Proceedings of the 6th USENIX conference on Hot topics in security
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Many technical mechanisms across computer security for attribution, identification, and classification are neither sufficient nor necessary for forensically valid digital investigations; yet they are often claimed as useful or necessary. Similarly, when ...
1082
Using VMM-based sensors to monitor honeypots
Kurniadi Asrigo, Lionel Litty, David Lie
June 2006
VEE '06: Proceedings of the 2nd international conference on Virtual execution environments
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (232.05 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 1267,    Citation Count: 12

Virtual Machine Monitors (VMMs) are a common tool for implementing honeypots. In this paper we examine the implementation of a VMM-based intrusion detection and monitoring system for collecting information about attacks on honeypots. We document and ...
Keywords: IDS, honeypot monitoring, intrusion detection, virtual machine monitor
1083
Leveraging trusted computing and model checking to build dependable virtual machines
Nuno Santos, Nuno P. Lopes
October 2014
HotDep'14: Proceedings of the 10th USENIX conference on Hot Topics in System Dependability
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the last years, it has emerged a market of virtual appliances, i.e., virtual machine images specifically configured to provide a given service (e.g., web hosting). The virtual appliance model greatly reduces the burden of configuring virtual machines ...
1084
Backtracking intrusions
Samuel T. King, Peter M. Chen
February 2005
Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) , Volume 23 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (647.38 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 2194,    Citation Count: 32

Analyzing intrusions today is an arduous, largely manual task because system administrators lack the information and tools needed to understand easily the sequence of steps that occurred in an attack. The goal of BackTracker is to identify automatically ...

Keywords: Computer forensics, information flow, intrusion analysis
1085
FindingMiMo: tracing a missing mobile phone using daily observations
Hyojeong Shin, Yohan Chon, Kwanghyo Park, Hojung Cha
June 2011
MobiSys '11: Proceedings of the 9th international conference on Mobile systems, applications, and services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (2.40 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 877,    Citation Count:

With the widespread use of smartphones, the loss of a device is critical, both in disrupting daily communications, and in losing valuable property. When a mobile device is missing, localization techniques may assist in finding the device. Current techniques, ...
Keywords: ambient monitoring, indoor navigation, localization, lost and found, place learning
1086
An investigation of hotlinking and its countermeasures
Zi Chu, Haining Wang
April 2011
Computer Communications , Volume 34 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Hotlinking is a web behavior that links web resources on a hosting site into a webpage belonging to another site. However, unauthorized hotlinking is unethical, because it not only violates the interests of hosting sites by consuming bandwidth and detracting ...
Keywords: Hotlinking, Resource hosting, Web measurement, Web security
1087
Cloud application logging for forensics
Raffael Marty
March 2011
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (521.38 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 168,   Downloads (Overall): 878,    Citation Count:

Logs are one of the most important pieces of analytical data in a cloud-based service infrastructure. At any point in time, service owners and operators need to understand the status of each infrastructure component for fault monitoring, to assess feature ...
Keywords: cloud, computer forensics, log forensics, logging, logging guidelines, software as a service
1088
Emerging Forms of Covert Surveillance Using GPS-Enabled Devices
Katina Michael, Anas Aloudat, Roba Abbas, M. G. Michael
April 2011
Journal of Cases on Information Technology , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This case presents the possibility that commercial mobile tracking and monitoring solutions will become widely adopted for the practice of non-traditional covert surveillance within a community setting, resulting in community members engaging in the ...
1089
Violent Python: A Cookbook for Hackers, Forensic Analysts, Penetration Testers and Security Engineers, 1st edition
TJ O'Connor
December 2012
Violent Python: A Cookbook for Hackers, Forensic Analysts, Penetration Testers and Security Engineers, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (1.90 MB),  PDF (6.24 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 170,   Downloads (Overall): 392,    Citation Count: 0

Violent Python shows you how to move from a theoretical understanding of offensive computing concepts to a practical implementation. Instead of relying on another attacker's tools, this book will teach you to forge your own weapons using the Python ...
1090
Mobile Technology for Children: Designing for Interaction and Learning
Allison Druin
April 2009
Mobile Technology for Children: Designing for Interaction and Learning
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (4.37 MB),  PDF (8.78 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 87,   Downloads (Overall): 509,    Citation Count: 17

With the goal of improving the design of mobile technology for children, On the Move brings together contributions from HCI leaders in research, and industry, and technology and education based policy experts to analyze and evaluate and present solutions. ...
Keywords: Internet, User Interfaces
1091
Privilege federation between different user profiles for service federation
Makoto Hatakeyama, Shigeyoshi Shima
October 2008
DIM '08: Proceedings of the 4th ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (421.74 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 302,    Citation Count: 2

Service providers often incorporate services other than the main ones they offer for user convenience. Such service providers need to exchange personal attributes with other providers they interact with and link user accounts. Some service providers, ...

Keywords: access control, identity federation, privilege management
1092
Non risk assessment information security assurance model
Wasim A. Al-Hamdani
September 2009
InfoSecCD '09: 2009 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (131.90 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 82,   Downloads (Overall): 424,    Citation Count:

This article is present information assurance model based on Non risk assessment model. The model based on diligence model where assurance is achieved by using threat and vulnerability reviews and countermeasures based on tangible best practices. An ...
Keywords: benchmarks, diligence model, information assurance, information security, risk, security model
1093
Rule-based runtime verification revisited
Klaus Havelund
April 2015
International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer (STTT) , Volume 17 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Runtime verification (RV) consists in part of checking execution traces against user-provided formalized specifications. Throughout the last decade many new systems have emerged, most of which support specification notations based on state machines, ...
Keywords: Internal DSL, Rete algorithm, Rule-based systems, Runtime verification, Scala
1094
DSCRETE: automatic rendering of forensic information from memory images via application logic reuse
Brendan Saltaformaggio, Zhongshu Gu, Xiangyu Zhang, Dongyan Xu
August 2014
SEC'14: Proceedings of the 23rd USENIX conference on Security Symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

State-of-the-art memory forensics involves signature-based scanning of memory images to uncover data structure instances of interest to investigators. A largely unaddressed challenge is that investigators may not be able to interpret the content of data ...
1095
Applied Cyber Security and the Smart Grid: Implementing Security Controls into the Modern Power Infrastructure, 1st edition
Eric D. Knapp, Raj Samani
February 2013
Applied Cyber Security and the Smart Grid: Implementing Security Controls into the Modern Power Infrastructure, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.70 MB),  PDF (9.67 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 90,   Downloads (Overall): 120,    Citation Count: 0

Many people think of the Smart Grid as a power distribution group built on advanced smart metering-but that's just one aspect of a much larger and more complex system. The "Smart Grid" requires new technologies throughout energy generation, transmission ...
1096
Understanding the security of interoperable medical devices using attack graphs
Curtis R. Taylor, Krishna Venkatasubramanian, Craig A. Shue
April 2014
HiCoNS '14: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on High confidence networked systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (1.29 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 137,    Citation Count: 0

Medical device interoperability is an increasingly prevalent example of how computing and information technology will revolutionize and streamline medical care. The overarching goal of interoperable medical devices (IMDs) is increased safety, usability, ...
Keywords: infusion pump, interoperable medical devices, pca, security
1097
Unique file identification in the National Software Reference Library
Steve Mead
September 2006
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The National Software Reference Library (NSRL) provides a repository of known software, file profiles, and file signatures for use by law enforcement and other organizations involved with computer forensic investigations. During a forensic investigation, ...
Keywords: Collisions, Computer forensics, Digital fingerprint, File hashing, File signature, MD5, National Software Reference Library, SHA-1
1098
Flowtag: a collaborative attack-analysis, reporting, and sharing tool for security researchers
Christopher P. Lee, John A. Copeland
November 2006
VizSEC '06: Proceedings of the 3rd international workshop on Visualization for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (815.20 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 673,    Citation Count: 8

Current tools for forensic analysis require many hours to understand novel attacks, causing reports to be terse and untimely. We apply visual filtering and tagging of flows in a novel way to address the current limitations of post-attack analysis, reporting, ...
Keywords: folksonomy, honeynet, information visualization, network attack analysis, parallel coordinates, tagging, team collaboration, user interfaces
1099
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Eric Conrad, Seth Misenar, Joshua Feldman
September 2012
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (9.43 MB),  PDF (17.25 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 142,   Downloads (Overall): 195,    Citation Count: 0

The CISSP certification is the most prestigious, globally-recognized, vendor neutral exam for information security professionals.¿The newest edition of this acclaimed study guide is aligned to cover all of the material included in the newest version ...
1100
Bringing arbitrary compute to authoritative data
Mark Cavage, David Pacheco
August 2014
Communications of the ACM , Volume 57 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: Digital Edition ,  Html (1.87 KB),  PDF (1.54 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 344,   Downloads (Overall): 344,    Citation Count: 0

Many disparate use cases can be satisfied with a single storage system.
Result page: <<   previous   1   2   3   4   5   ...  55   56  
1101
Tracking transaction footprints for non-intrusive end-to-end monitoring
Bikram Sengupta, Nilanjan Banerjee, Chatschik Bisdikian, Paul Hurley
March 2009
Cluster Computing , Volume 12 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Existing transaction monitoring solutions are either platform-specific or rely on instrumentation techniques, which limit their applicability. Consequently, transaction monitoring in enterprise environments often involves the manual collation of information ...

Keywords: Correlation, Footprints, Log analysis, Monitoring, Transactions
1102
Detecting web crawlers from web server access logs with data mining classifiers
Dusan Stevanovic, Aijun An, Natalija Vlajic
June 2011
ISMIS'11: Proceedings of the 19th international conference on Foundations of intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this study, we introduce two novel features: the consecutive sequential request ratio and standard deviation of page request depth, for improving the accuracy of malicious and non-malicious web crawler classification from static web server access ...
Keywords: DDoS, WEKA, classification, data mining, web crawler detection, web server access logs
1103
Investigating around mainframes and other high-end systems: the revenge of big iron
Matthew Pemble
June 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Normal computer forensic tools and techniques are ineffective or inefficient when applied to mainframes or other very large systems. Incidents involving mainframes are likely to have a significant business impact, so preparation is essential, both of ...
Keywords: Audit, Forensic, Investigation, Log, Mainframe
1104
Development and Evaluation of a Dataset Generator Tool for Generating Synthetic Log Files Containing Computer Attack Signatures
Stephen O'Shaughnessy, Geraldine Gray
April 2011
International Journal of Ambient Computing and Intelligence , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A key requirement for experimental analysis in the areas of network intrusion and computer forensics is the availability of suitable datasets. However, the inherent security and privacy issues surrounding these disciplines have resulted in a lack of ...
Keywords: Computer Forensics, Data Mining, Dataset Generator, Experimental Analysis, Intrusion Detection
1105
SP 800-64 Rev. 2. Security Considerations in the System Development Life Cycle
Richard Kissel, Kevin M. Stine, Matthew A. Scholl, Hart Rossman, James Fahlsing, Jessica Gulick
October 2008
SP 800-64 Rev. 2. Security Considerations in the System Development Life Cycle
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: Publisher Site ,  PDF (954.22 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 197,   Downloads (Overall): 379,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this guideline is to assist agencies in building security into their IT development processes. This should result in more cost-effective, risk-appropriate security control identification, development, and testing. This guide focuses on ...
Keywords: Computer Security, Cyber Security, FISMA, SDLC, System Development
1106
Trusted computing and provenance: better together
John Lyle, Andrew Martin
February 2010
TAPP'10: Proceedings of the 2nd conference on Theory and practice of provenance
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

It is widely realised that provenance systems can benefit from greater awareness of security principles and the use of security technology. In this paper, we argue that Trusted Computing, a hardware-based method for establishing platform integrity, is ...
1107
Performance troubleshooting in data centers: an annotated bibliography?
Chengwel Wang, Soila P. Kavulya, Jiaqi Tan, Liting Hu, Mahendra Kutare, Mike Kasick, Karsten Schwan, Priya Narasimhan, Rajeev Gandhi
November 2013
SIGOPS Operating Systems Review , Volume 47 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: PDF (189.96 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 82,   Downloads (Overall): 175,    Citation Count: 1
1108
Pervasive Computing for Hospital, Chronic, and Preventive Care
Monica Tentori, Gillian R. Hayes, Madhu Reddy
January 2012
Foundations and Trends in Human-Computer Interaction , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: Now Publishers Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

An emerging area of great impact and significance is the application of pervasive computing technologies in healthcare. Pervasive healthcare refers to the set of technologies designed to seamlessly integrate health education, interventions, and monitoring ...
1109
Synoptic: studying logged behavior with inferred models
Ivan Beschastnikh, Jenny Abrahamson, Yuriy Brun, Michael D. Ernst
September 2011
ESEC/FSE '11: Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGSOFT symposium and the 13th European conference on Foundations of software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (544.89 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 2

Logging is a powerful method for capturing program activity and state during an execution. However, log inspection remains a tedious activity, with developers often piecing together what went on from multiple log lines and across many files. This paper ...
Keywords: log analysis, model inference, synoptic, temporal invariant mining
1110
Product review: Tool review-WinHex
Eoghan Casey
June 2004
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents strengths and shortcomings of WinHex Specialist Edition (version 11.25 SR-7) in the context of the overall digital forensics process, focusing on its ability to preserve and examine data on storage media. No serious problems were ...
Keywords: Data recovery, Digital evidence preservation, Digital forensics tool testing, File systems, Forensic examination
1111
Informing and performing: investigating how mediated sociality becomes visible
Xianghua Ding, Thomas Erickson, Wendy A. Kellogg, Donald J. Patterson
December 2012
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 16 Issue 8
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: PDF (530.42 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 221,    Citation Count: 3

In the human---computer interaction, computer supported cooperative work, and ubiquitous computing literature, making people's presence and activities visible as a design approach has been extensively explored to enhance computer-mediated interactions ...
Keywords: Computer-mediated communication, Context, Public displays, Social media
1112
Transferring trusted logs across vulnerable paths for digital forensics
Akihiro Tomono, Minoru Uehara, Yuji Shimada
December 2009
MoMM '09: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Advances in Mobile Computing and Multimedia
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions   
Full text available: PDF (364.34 KB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 111,    Citation Count:

In recent years, many accounting scandals have been reported in companies not only in the United States, but also in Japan. The need for Internal Control is thus growing steadily. In particular, auditing logs are important for Internal Control, although ...
Keywords: digital forensics, internal control, log management
1113
The State of the Art Forensic Techniques in Mobile Cloud Environment: A Survey, Challenges and Current Trends
Tahar Kechadi, Muhammad Faheem, Nhien An Le-Khac
April 2015
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Smartphones have become popular in recent days due to the accessibility of a wide range of applications. These sophisticated applications demand more computing resources in a resource constraint smartphone. Cloud computing is the motivating factor for ...
Keywords: Cloud Forensics, Mobile Cloud Application Forensics, Mobile Cloud Computing, Mobile Forensics
1114
Analyzing system logs: a new view of what's important
Sivan Sabato, Elad Yom-Tov, Aviad Tsherniak, Saharon Rosset
April 2007
SYSML'07: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX workshop on Tackling computer systems problems with machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: Publisher Site
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

System logs, such as the Windows Event log or the Linux system log, are an important resource for computer system management. We present a method for ranking system log messages by their estimated value to users, and generating a log view that displays ...
1115
HIPAA: Securing medical networks
Ram Dantu, Herman Oosterwijk, Prakash Kolan, Husain Husna
June 2007
Network Security , Volume 2007 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) imposes strict regulations on healthcare institutions and commercial vendors to indemnify clinical data against unscrupulous users. Security vulnerabilities concerning hospital ...
1116
Agents of responsibility--freelance web developers in web applications development
Malik Aleem Ahmed, Jeroen Hoven
September 2010
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 12 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Much of the literature on responsibility in the IT field addresses the responsibilities of members of the IT profession. In this paper, we investigate to what extent the responsibilities associated with computing practitioners apply to freelance web ...
Keywords: Agents of responsibility, Freelance web developers, Hacking, Responsibility, Systems, Web applications
1117
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Michael Cross
June 2008
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (3.63 MB),  PDF (11.11 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 72,   Downloads (Overall): 419,    Citation Count: 4

When it comes to computer crimes, the criminals got a big head start. But the law enforcement and IT security communities are now working diligently to develop the knowledge, skills, and tools to successfully investigate and prosecute Cybercrime cases. ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Criminal Law, Law, Security
1118
The Best Damn IT Security Management Book Period
Susan Snedaker, Robert McCrie
December 2007
The Best Damn IT Security Management Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  PDF (18.35 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 384,    Citation Count: 1

The Best Damn Security Manager's Handbook Periodhas comprehensive coverage of all management isuses facing IT and security professionals. Compiled from the best of the Syngress and Butterworth Heinemann libraries and authored by business continuity ...
Keywords: Security
1119
Building Intelligent Interactive Tutors: Student-centered strategies for revolutionizing e-learning
Beverly Park Woolf
August 2008
Building Intelligent Interactive Tutors: Student-centered strategies for revolutionizing e-learning
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: The ACM Learning Center ,  ePub (5.06 MB),  PDF (4.68 MB)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 87,   Downloads (Overall): 484,    Citation Count: 37

Computers have transformed every facet of our culture, most dramatically communication, transportation, finance, science, and the economy. Yet their impact has not been generally felt in education due to lack of hardware, teacher training, and sophisticated ...
Keywords: User Interfaces
