1
	
A graph approach to spelling correction in domain-centric search
Zhuowei Bao, Benny Kimelfeld, Yunyao Li
June 2011 		
HLT '11: Proceedings of the 49th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies - Volume 1 , Volume 1
Publisher: Association for Computational Linguistics
Full text available: 	PDF from the publisherPDF from the publisher ,  PDFPDF (802.08 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 148,    Citation Count: 2

Spelling correction for keyword-search queries is challenging in restricted domains such as personal email (or desktop) search, due to the scarcity of query logs, and due to the specialized nature of the domain. For that task, this paper presents an ...
2
	
Examining the state of preparedness of Information Technology management in New Zealand for events that may require forensic analysis
Spike Quinn
December 2005 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer security is of concern to those in IT (Information Technology) and forensic readiness (being prepared to deal effectively with events that may require forensic investigation) is a growing issue. Data held only on magnetic or other transient ...
Keywords: Forensic policy, Forensic readiness, IT management, Security policy, Statistics
3
	
A Novel System Architecture for the National Integration of Electronic Health Records: A Semi-Centralized Approach
Asma Aljarullah, Samir El-Masri
August 2012 		
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 37 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The goal of a national electronic health records integration system is to aggregate electronic health records concerning a particular patient at different healthcare providers' systems to provide a complete medical history of the patient. It holds the ...
Keywords: Distributed EHR, EHR-integration, Electronic health records, Medical record linkage, Semi-centralized EHR
4
	
Web Usage Mining as a Tool for Personalization: A Survey
Dimitrios Pierrakos, Georgios Paliouras, Christos Papatheodorou, Constantine D. Spyropoulos
November 2003 		
User Modeling and User-Adapted Interaction , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 67

This paper is a survey of recent work in the field of web usage mining for the benefitof research on the personalization of Web-based information services. The essence of personalization is the adaptability of information systems to the needs of their ...

Keywords: data mining, machine learning, personalization, user modeling, web usage mining
5
	
File-system intrusion detection by preserving MAC DTS: a loadable kernel module based approach for LINUX kernel 2.6.x
Suvrojit Das, Arijit Chattopadhayay, Dipesh Kumar Kalyani, Monojit Saha
April 2009 		
CSIIRW '09: Proceedings of the 5th Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research: Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Challenges and Strategies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (6.31 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count:

Every operating system has its own set of critical files, whose access is generally protected by access control mechanisms, native to the operating system. The importance of such files also simultaneously invites their inspection, unauthorized modification ...
Keywords: access and creation date and time stamps (MAC DTS), authentic date and time stamps (ADTS), file system, intrusion detection system (IDS), loadable kernel modules (LKM), modification, virtual file system (VFS) layer
6
	
Access control for large collections
H. M. Gladney
April 1997 		
Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (482.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 1621,    Citation Count: 8

Efforts to place vast information resources at the fingertips of each individual in large user populations must be balanced by commensurate attention to information protection. For distributed systems with less-structured tasks, more-diversified information, ...

Keywords: access control, digital library, document, electronic library, information security
7
	
Survey of Digital Forensics Technologies and Tools for Android based Intelligent Devices
Xuejiao Wan, Jingsha He, Gongzheng Liu, Na Huang, Xingye Zhu, Bin Zhao, Yonghao Mai
January 2015 		
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

During the rapid development of mobile wireless technologies and applications, the Android operating system, due to its open-source characteristics, has become the most popular development platform in the smartphone market. Meanwhile, as Android-based ...
8
	
The session token protocol for forensics and traceback
Brian Carrier, Clay Shields
August 2004 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (331.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 2229,    Citation Count: 5

In this paper we present the Session Token Protocol (STOP), a new protocol that can assist in the forensic analysis of a computer involved in malicious network activity. It has been designed to help automate the process of tracing attackers who log on ...

Keywords: Digital forensics, TCP traceback, auditing and intrusion detection, digital investigations, privacy
9
	
Characterizing Web Censorship Worldwide: Another Look at the OpenNet Initiative Data
Phillipa Gill, Masashi Crete-Nishihata, Jakub Dalek, Sharon Goldberg, Adam Senft, Greg Wiseman
January 2015 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 9 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.30 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 109,   Downloads (Overall): 109,    Citation Count: 0

In this study, we take another look at 5 years of web censorship data gathered by the OpenNet Initiative in 77 countries using user-based testing with locally relevant content. Prior to our work, this data had been analyzed with little automation, focusing ...
Keywords: Censorship, network measurement
10
	
An adaptive privacy management system for data repositories
Marco Casassa Mont, Siani Pearson
August 2005 		
TrustBus'05: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Trust, Privacy, and Security in Digital Business
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

This paper addresses the problem of dealing with privacy management of personal data stored by enterprises. Accesses to personal data must keep into account privacy policies based on laws, enterprise guidelines, stated purposes of data and data subjects' ...
11
	
Classification of web robots: An empirical study based on over one billion requests
Junsup Lee, Sungdeok Cha, Dongkun Lee, Hyungkyu Lee
November 2009 		
Computers and Security , Volume 28 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Many studies on detection and classification of web robots have focused their attention mostly on text crawlers, and empirical experiments used relatively small data collected at universities. In this paper, we analyzed more than one billion requests ...
Keywords: Web robot characterization, Web robot classification, Web robot detection, Web security, Web usage mining
12
	
Introducing the Microsoft Vista event log file format
Andreas Schuster
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Several operating systems provide a central logging service which collects event messages from the kernel and applications, filters them and writes them into log files. Since more than a decade such a system service exists in Microsoft Windows NT. Its ...
Keywords: Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Log file, Microsoft Windows Vista, Windows event logging, evtx
13
	
Cybercrime, identity theft, and fraud: practicing safe internet - network security threats and vulnerabilities
Robert C. Newman
September 2006 		
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (123.56 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 243,   Downloads (Overall): 5317,    Citation Count: 2

Computer networks and computer systems are experiencing attacks and threats from many areas. Threats are also extended to include the individual user's computer assets and resources. Information will be presented on the categories of security and privacy ...
Keywords: cybercrime, identity theft, internet fraud
14
	
Breaking up is hard to do: security and functionality in a commodity hypervisor
Patrick Colp, Mihir Nanavati, Jun Zhu, William Aiello, George Coker, Tim Deegan, Peter Loscocco, Andrew Warfield
October 2011 		
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.67 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 24,   Downloads (12 Months): 173,   Downloads (Overall): 866,    Citation Count: 20

Cloud computing uses virtualization to lease small slices of large-scale datacenter facilities to individual paying customers. These multi-tenant environments, on which numerous large and popular web-based applications run today, are founded on ...
15
	
A layered architectural model for music: Malaysian music on the World Wide Web
Minni Ang, Abu Talib Othman, A. K. Ramani, Gan Siowck-lee, Patricia Matusky
August 1998 		
Organised Sound , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Cambridge University Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The design and development of a layered Web architecture for Malaysian music can be applied as a model of Web architecture for music education, specifically for the introduction of the music of a particular country or region. The model is designed and ...
16
	
Towards Strengthening Electoral Reforms using ICT
Staff
December 2010 		
Journal of E-Governance , Volume 33 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
17
	
Formal analysis of an electronic voting system: An experience report
Komminist Weldemariam, Richard A. Kemmerer, Adolfo Villafiorita
October 2011 		
Journal of Systems and Software , Volume 84 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Abstract: We have seen that several currently deployed e-voting systems share critical failures in their design and implementation that render their technical and procedural controls insufficient to guarantee trustworthy voting. The application of formal ...
Keywords: Critical requirements, ES&S system, Electronic voting systems, Formal specification and verification
18
	
Web Usage Mining: Discovery and Use of AIOU Web Usage Patterns
Moiz Uddin Ahmed, Amjad Mahmood
July 2012 		
International Journal of Technology Diffusion , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The technological revolutions have opened up new ways of information and communication. The Internet is growing as a vital source of information in this modern era of technology. The ever increasing volume of information through WWW is creating complexity ...
Keywords: Data Preprocessing, Pattern Analysis, Web Mining, Web usage, World Wide Web
19
	
A study on information wrapper protection profile
Kwo-Jean Farn, Shu-Kuo Lin, Jiann-Ming Hwang
April 2007 		
ACOS'07: Proceedings of the 6th Conference on WSEAS International Conference on Applied Computer Science - Volume 6 , Volume 6
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

How to help the end-users to identify and analyze the attacks in cyberspace has become extremely important to the information security task. Based on the standard of the Information Security Audit and Alarms Framework published by ISO, in this paper ...

Keywords: common criteria (CC), information security audit and alarms, protection profile (PP), security assurance, security functional
20
	
An empirical study of automatic event reconstruction systems
Sundararaman Jeyaraman, Mikhail J. Atallah
September 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Reconstructing the sequence of computer events that led to a particular event is an essential part of the digital investigation process. The ability to quantify the accuracy of automatic event reconstruction systems is an essential step in standardizing ...
Keywords: Digital forensics, Event reconstruction, Incident response, Intrusion analysis 
21
	
A novel data replication mechanism in P2P VoD system
Xiaofei Liao, Hai Jin, Linchen Yu
June 2012 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 28 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the development of the Internet, high-quality streaming services, including Video-on-Demand, are more popular than ever with the help of P2P technologies. But peer-to-peer (P2P) on-demand streaming systems inevitably suffer from peer churn that ...
Keywords: Data replication, Peer churn, Peer-to-peer, Video-on-demand
22
	
Zero-fidelity simulation of fire emergency response: improving team coordination learning
Zachary O. Toups, Andruid Kerne, William A. Hamilton, Nabeel Shahzad
May 2011 		
CHI '11: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (897.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 276,    Citation Count: 7

Fire emergency responders rely on team coordination to survive and succeed in high-stress environments, but traditional education does not directly teach these essential skills. Prior simulations seek the highest possible fidelity, employing resources ...
Keywords: distributed cognition, education, emergency response, games, implicit coordination, zero-fidelity simulation
23
	
Analyzing multiple logs for forensic evidence
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha, Mohamed Saleh
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal methods. We propose ...
Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Log correlation, Logging systems, Model checking
24
	
Using lamport's logical clocks to consolidate log files from different sources
Roberto Gómez, Jorge Herrerias, Erika Mata
June 2005 		
IICS'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Innovative Internet Community Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Event logging and log files are playing an important role in system and network security. Log files record computer system activities, are used to provide requirements of reliability, security and accountability applications. Information stored in log ...
25
	
Tamper detection in audit logs
Richard T. Snodgrass, Shilong Stanley Yao, Christian Collberg
August 2004 		
VLDB '04: Proceedings of the Thirtieth international conference on Very large data bases - Volume 30 , Volume 30
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (186.30 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 211,    Citation Count: 25

Audit logs are considered good practice for business systems, and are required by federal regulations for secure systems, drug approval data, medical information disclosure, financial records, and electronic voting. Given the central role of audit logs, ...
26
	
Correlating messages from multiple IM networks to identify digital forensic artifacts
Muhammmad Yasin, Firdous Kausar, Eisa Aleisa, Jongsung Kim
November 2014 		
Electronic Commerce Research , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In recent years the usage of instant messaging (IM) has increased manifold. Recent reports show that law enforcement organizations are making requests for instant messaging information as a result of involvement in criminal activity. There can be multiple ...
Keywords: Forensic analysis, IM Aggregators, IM protocols, Instant message hopping, Instant messenger's forensic
27
	
Hot-hardening: getting more out of your security settings
Sebastian Biedermann, Stefan Katzenbeisser, Jakub Szefer
December 2014 		
ACSAC '14: Proceedings of the 30th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (531.66 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 76,    Citation Count: 0

Applying optimized security settings to applications is a difficult and laborious task. Especially in cloud computing, where virtual servers with various pre-installed software packages are leased, selecting optimized security settings is very difficult. ...
28
	
Feature: Investigating digital fingerprints: advanced log analysis
Eric Knight
October 2010 		
Network Security , Volume 2010 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Perhaps your organisation has recently suffered a data breach, which would not be uncommon as last year set records for information theft. For example, in 2009 the Identity Theft Resource Center reported 498 breaches that exposed over 222 million protected ...
29
	
Analysis of queries reaching SHIL on the web – an information system providing citizen information
Gilad Ravid, Judit Bar-Ilan, Sheizaf Rafaeli, Shifra Baruchson-Arbib
July 2006 		
NGITS'06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Next Generation Information Technologies and Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

SHIL on the Webp is the website of the Israeli Citizens' Advice Bureau. This is a high traffic site, where the sources of most of the external hits are result pages of general search engines. In this paper we analyzed these external hits with an ...
30
	
A survey of online failure prediction methods
Felix Salfner, Maren Lenk, Miroslaw Malek
March 2010 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.16 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 47,   Downloads (12 Months): 557,   Downloads (Overall): 4770,    Citation Count: 29

With the ever-growing complexity and dynamicity of computer systems, proactive fault management is an effective approach to enhancing availability. Online failure prediction is the key to such techniques. In contrast to classical reliability methods, ...

Keywords: Error, failure prediction, fault, prediction metrics, runtime monitoring
31
	
Towards building a scholarly big data platform: challenges, lessons and opportunities
Zhaohui Wu, Jian Wu, Madian Khabsa, Kyle Williams, Hung-Hsuan Chen, Wenyi Huang, Suppawong Tuarob, Sagnik Ray Choudhury, Alexander Ororbia, Prasenjit Mitra, C. Lee Giles
September 2014 		
JCDL '14: Proceedings of the 14th ACM/IEEE-CS Joint Conference on Digital Libraries
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.04 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 28,    Citation Count: 0

We introduce a big data platform that provides various services for harvesting scholarly information and enabling efficient scholarly applications. The core architecture of the platform is built on a secured private cloud, crawls data using a scholarly ...
Keywords: big data, information extraction, scholarly big data
32
	
Reliable client accounting for P2P-infrastructure hybrids
Paarijaat Aditya, Mingchen Zhao, Yin Lin, Andreas Haeberlen, Peter Druschel, Bruce Maggs, Bill Wishon
April 2012 		
NSDI'12: Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Content distribution networks (CDNs) have started to adopt hybrid designs, which employ both dedicated edge servers and resources contributed by clients. Hybrid designs combine many of the advantages of infrastructure-based and peer-to-peer systems, ...
33
	
A web-based performance monitoring system for e-government services
Simon Fong, Ho Si Meng
November 2009 		
ICEGOV '09: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Theory and practice of electronic governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (567.73 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 494,    Citation Count:

An e-Government portal represents not only a public image of a sovereign region, but also a reliable service platform for many users from local citizens and beyond. This makes the requirement for robustness of e-Government portal relatively stringent. ...
Keywords: e-government, performance measurement, web monitoring
34
	
Privacy aware eLearning environments based on hippocratic database principles
Jasmin Azemovic
September 2012 		
BCI '12: Proceedings of the Fifth Balkan Conference in Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (375.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 155,    Citation Count:

Ensuring privacy in modern information systems is of primary importance for the users of these environments. Use and trust of users certainly depends on the degree of privacy. Solution for the above mentioned problems can be found in application of the ...
Keywords: eLearning, hippocratic database, perfomance, privacy, privacy-aware
35
	
Characterizing logging practices in open-source software
Ding Yuan, Soyeon Park, Yuanyuan Zhou
June 2012 		
ICSE '12: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (919.57 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 308,    Citation Count: 13

Software logging is a conventional programming practice. As its efficacy is often important for users and developers to understand what have happened in production run, yet software logging is often done in an arbitrarily manner. So far, there have ...
36
	
Secur(e/ity) Management: A Continuing Uphill Climb
John Hale, Paul Brusil
December 2007 		
Journal of Network and Systems Management , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With ever growing and evolving threats and cyber attacks, the management of enterprise security and the security of enterprise management systems are key to business--if not a nation's--operations and survival. Secur(e/ity) management, the moniker for ...

Keywords: Enterprise networks, Information assurance, Secure management, Security industry, Security management, Security metrics
37
	
Accountability in organisations
Richard W. C. Lui, Lucas C. K. Hui, S. M. Yiu
June 2007 		
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 1 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Accountability is an important requirement in computer and information security but it is an ambiguous concept which is open to multiple interpretations. Most of the work in accountability from computer security research only focus on the association ...

Keywords: accountability, computer security, delegation, information security, non-repudiation, systems assurance
38
	
A Survey of Cloud Computing Challenges from a Digital Forensics Perspective
Gregory H. Carlton, Hill Zhou
October 2011 		
International Journal of Interdisciplinary Telecommunications and Networking , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Computing and communication technologies have merged to produce an environment where many applications and their associated data reside in remote locations, often unknown to the users. The adoption of cloud computing promises many benefits to users and ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Computer Forensic Examiners, Computer Forensics, Digital Forensics, Forensic Data Acquisition
39
	
Backtracking intrusions
Samuel T. King, Peter M. Chen
December 2003 		
SOSP '03: Proceedings of the nineteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (185.10 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 2828,    Citation Count: 86

Analyzing intrusions today is an arduous, largely manual task because system administrators lack the information and tools needed to understand easily the sequence of steps that occurred in an attack. The goal of BackTracker is to identify automatically ...

Keywords: computer forensics, information flow, intrusion analysis

Also published in:
December 2003 	SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 	Volume 37 Issue 5
40
	
OS-level hang detection in complex software systems
Antonio Bovenzi, Marcello Cinque, Domenico Cotroneo, Roberto Natella, Gabriella Carrozza
September 2011 		
International Journal of Critical Computer-Based Systems , Volume 2 Issue 3/4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Many critical services are nowadays provided by large and complex software systems. However, the increasing complexity introduces several sources of non-determinism, which may lead to hang failures: the system appears to be running, but part ... 
41
	
Surveillance of anomaly and misuse in critical networks to counter insider threats using computational intelligence
D. Shalini Punithavathani, K. Sujatha, J. Mark Jain
March 2015 		
Cluster Computing , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Insider threat is minimally addressed by current information security practices, yet the insider poses the most serious threat to organization through various malicious activities. Forensic investigation is a technique used to prove the presence ...
Keywords: Computational intelligence log files, Digital evidence, Insider threat, Network forensics, Network traffic
42
	
A survey of query log privacy-enhancing techniques from a policy perspective
Alissa Cooper
October 2008 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (157.71 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 58,   Downloads (Overall): 909,    Citation Count: 16

As popular search engines face the sometimes conflicting interests of protecting privacy while retaining query logs for a variety of uses, numerous technical measures have been suggested to both enhance privacy and preserve at least a portion of the ...

Keywords: Privacy, log, policy, query, search
43
	
Digital forensics for enterprise rights management systems
Sebastian Schrittwieser, Peter Kieseberg, Edgar Weippl
December 2012 		
IIWAS '12: Proceedings of the 14th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (765.55 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 75,   Downloads (Overall): 278,    Citation Count: 0

Digital forensics is the application of techniques to recover, reconstruct and analyze data from a computer or a similar system in order to gather digital evidence (e.g. on a suspicious employee or for law enforcement). Guidelines and standards for forensic ...
Keywords: databases, digital forensics, enterprise rights management, revocation
44
	
End-to-end policy based encryption techniques for multi-party data management
Michael Beiter, Marco Casassa Mont, Liqun Chen, Siani Pearson
June 2014 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 36 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a data management solution and associated key management approaches to provide accountability within service provision networks, in particular addressing privacy issues in cloud computing applications. Our solution involves machine readable ...
Keywords: Cloud, Policy enforcement, Privacy, Secret sharing, Sticky policy
45
	
Use of schema associative mapping for synchronization of the virtual machine audit logs
Sean Thorpe, Indrajit Ray, Tyrone Grandison
June 2011 		
CISIS'11: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Computational intelligence in security for information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Compute cloud interoperability across different domains represents a major challenge for the System administrator community. This work takes a look at the issues for enabling heterogeneous synchronization of virtual disk log attributes by use of an associative ...
Keywords: associative, attribute, log audit, synchronized, virtual machine
46
	
Cyber-risk decision models
Arunabha Mukhopadhyay, Samir Chatterjee, Debashis Saha, Ambuj Mahanti, Samir K. Sadhukhan
December 2013 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 56 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Security breaches adversely impact profit margins, market capitalization and brand image of an organization. Global organizations resort to the use of technological devices to reduce the frequency of a security breach. To minimize the impact of financial ...
Keywords: Bayesian Belief Network, Copula, Cyber-insurance, Cyber-risk, Premium, Security breach, Utility models
47
	
Applying a reusable election threat model at the county level
Eric L. Lazarus, David L. Dill, Jeremy Epstein, Joseph Lorenzo Hall
August 2011 		
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

We describe the first systematic, quantitative threat evaluation in a local election jurisdiction in the U.S., Marin County, California, in the November 2010 general election. We made use of a reusable threat model that we have developed over several ...
48
	
Multimedia Forensics Is Not Computer Forensics
Rainer Böhme, Felix C. Freiling, Thomas Gloe, Matthias Kirchner
August 2009 		
IWCF '09: Proceedings of the 3rd International Workshop on Computational Forensics
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The recent popularity of research on topics of multimedia forensics justifies reflections on the definition of the field. This paper devises an ontology that structures forensic disciplines by their primary domain of evidence. In this sense, both multimedia ...
49
	
Towards a SCADA Forensics Architecture
Tina Wu, Jules Ferdinand Pagna Disso, Kevin Jones, Adrian Campos
September 2013 		
ICS-CSR 2013: Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on ICS & SCADA Cyber Security Research 2013
Publisher: BCS
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (721.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

With the increasing threat of sophisticated attacks on critical infrastructures, it is vital that forensic investigations take place immediately following a security incident. This paper presents an existing SCADA forensic process model and proposes ...
Keywords: Critical Infrastructures, Digital Forensics, EnCase, Forensic Architecture, PLC, Process Control, SCADA Forensics
50
	
Finding similar queries based on query representation analysis
Yuan Wang, Jie Liu, Jimeng Chen, Yalou Huang
September 2014 		
World Wide Web , Volume 17 Issue 5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In order to understand user intents behind their queries, many researchers study similar query finding. Recently, the click graph has shown its utility in describing the relationship between queries and URLs. The previous approaches mainly either generate ...
Keywords: Click graph, Query log analysis, Query representation, Query similarity, User intent
51
	
Teaching hands-on Linux host computer security
Rose Shumba
September 2006 		
Journal on Educational Resources in Computing (JERIC) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (264.05 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 958,    Citation Count:

In the summer of 2003, a project to augment and improve the teaching of information assurance courses was started at IUP. Thus far, ten hands-on exercises have been developed. The exercises described in this article, and presented in the appendix, are ...

Keywords: Computer security, cryptography, file integrity, file permissions, host security exercises, user accounts
52
	
A survey of information security incident handling in the cloud
Nurul Hidayah Ab Rahman, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
March 2015 		
Computers and Security , Volume 49 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Incident handling strategy is one key strategy to mitigate risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) of organisation assets, as well as minimising loss (e.g. financial, reputational and legal) particularly as organisations move to ...
Keywords: Capability Maturity Model For Services (CMMI-SVC), Cloud computing, Cloud response, Incident handling, Incident management, Incident response
53
	
WebQuilt: a framework for capturing and visualizing the web experience
Jason I. Hong, James A. Landay
April 2001 		
WWW '01: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (611.22 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 1034,    Citation Count: 24

Keywords: WebQuilt, log file analysis, usability evaluation, web proxy, web visualization
54
	
Enabling forensics by proposing heuristics to identify mandatory log events
Jason King, Rahul Pandita, Laurie Williams
April 2015 		
HotSoS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (446.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 12,    Citation Count: 0

Software engineers often implement logging mechanisms to debug software and diagnose faults. As modern software manages increasingly sensitive data, logging mechanisms also need to capture detailed traces of user activity to enable forensics and hold ...
Keywords: accountability, forensics, logging, natural language, nonrepudiation, security, software requirements
55
	
Providing SIEM systems with self-adaptation
Guillermo Suarez-Tangil, Esther Palomar, Arturo Ribagorda, Ivan Sanz
January 2015 		
Information Fusion , Volume 21
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Security information and event management (SIEM) is considered to be a promising paradigm to reconcile traditional intrusion detection processes along with most recent advances on artificial intelligence techniques in providing automatic and self-adaptive ...
Keywords: Adaptive system, Artificial neural networks, Event correlation, Genetic programming, SIEM
56
	
Multi-Disciplinary Research Issues in Cloud Computing
Jitendra Singh, Vikas Kumar
July 2014 		
Journal of Information Technology Research , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing, characterized by on demand availability of resources is gaining a lot of popularity in the present day business scenario. This new computing paradigm is predicted to revolutionize the Information Technology industry with its dynamic ...
Keywords: Grid Computing, Mainframe, Metering and Pricing, Multi-Disciplinary, Research Issues in Cloud, SLA
57
	
Heuristics for evaluating IT security management tools
Pooya Jaferian, Kirstie Hawkey, Andreas Sotirakopoulos, Maria Velez-Rojas, Konstantin Beznosov
July 2011 		
SOUPS '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (314.12 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 369,    Citation Count:

The usability of IT security management (ITSM) tools is hard to evaluate by regular methods, making heuristic evaluation attractive. However, standard usability heuristics are hard to apply as IT security management occurs within a complex and collaborative ...
Keywords: IT security management, complex systems, computer supported cooperative work, heuristic evaluation
58
	
Audit-based compliance control
J. G. Cederquist, R. Corin, M. A. Dekker, S. Etalle, J. I. Hartog, G. Lenzini
March 2007 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 6 Issue 2-3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper we introduce a new framework for controlling compliance to discretionary access control policies [Cederquist et al. in Proceedings of the International Workshop on Policies for Distributed Systems and Networks (POLICY), 2005; Corin et al. ...
Keywords: Access control, Audit, Policy, Privacy
59
	
Mining Query Logs: Turning Search Usage Data into Knowledge
Fabrizio Silvestri
January 2010 		
Foundations and Trends in Information Retrieval , Volume 4 Issue 1—2
Publisher: Now Publishers Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 47

Web search engines have stored in their logs information about users since they started to operate. This information often serves many purposes. The primary focus of this survey is on introducing to the discipline of query mining by showing its foundations ...
60
	
A Cloud Adoption Risk Assessment Model
Erdal Cayirci, Alexandr Garaga, Anderson Santana, Yves Roudier
December 2014 		
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (222.17 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud Adoption Risk Assessment Model is designed for cloud customers to assess the risks that they face by selecting a specific cloud service provider. It is an expert system to evaluate various background information obtained from cloud customers, cloud ...
Keywords: risk assessment, cloud computing, security 
61
	
Secure interoperable digital content distribution mechanisms in a multi-domain architecture
Lei Lei Win, Tony Thomas, Sabu Emmanuel
September 2012 		
Multimedia Tools and Applications , Volume 60 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Current DRM systems use the Authorized Domain concept to allow sharing of DRM-enabled multimedia contents across multiple devices. However, some devices in an authorized domain may support only a limited number of DRM systems of the content providers ...
Keywords: Authorized domain, DRM, Interoperability, Personal content sharing, TPM
62
	
Privacy promises that can be kept: a policy analysis method with application to the HIPAA privacy rule
Omar Chowdhury, Andreas Gampe, Jianwei Niu, Jeffery von Ronne, Jared Bennatt, Anupam Datta, Limin Jia, William H. Winsborough
June 2013 		
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (533.98 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count: 1

Organizations collect personal information from individuals to carry out their business functions. Federal privacy regulations, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), mandate how this collected information can be shared ...
Keywords: HIPAA, obligations, policy analysis, privacy policy
63
	
From devices to people: attribution of search activity in multi-user settings
Ryen W. White, Ahmed Hassan, Adish Singla, Eric Horvitz
April 2014 		
WWW '14: Proceedings of the 23rd international conference on World wide web
Publisher: International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (642.57 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 90,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 2

Online services rely on unique identifiers of machines to tailor offerings to their users. An implicit assumption is made that each machine identifier maps to an individual. However, shared ma-chines are common, leading to interwoven search histories ...
Keywords: multi-user settings, search activity attribution
64
	
Balancing accountability and privacy in the network
David Naylor, Matthew K. Mukerjee, Peter Steenkiste
August 2014 		
SIGCOMM '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM conference on SIGCOMM
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (813.57 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 81,   Downloads (12 Months): 1428,   Downloads (Overall): 1428,    Citation Count: 0

Though most would agree that accountability and privacy are both valuable, today's Internet provides little support for either. Previous efforts have explored ways to offer stronger guarantees for one of the two, typically at the expense of the other; ...
Keywords: accountability, privacy, source address
65
	
A logic for authorization provenance
Jinwei Hu, Yan Zhang, Ruixuan Li, Zhengding Lu
April 2010 		
ASIACCS '10: Proceedings of the 5th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (790.97 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 235,    Citation Count: 1

In distributed environments, statements from a number of principals, besides the central trusted party, may influence the derivations of authorization decisions. However, existing authorization logics put few emphasis on this set of principals - authorization ...

Keywords: authorization, authorization logic, authorization provenance, logic, provenance
66
	
Tree-formed verification data for trusted platforms
Andreas U. Schmidt, Andreas Leicher, Andreas Brett, Yogendra Shah, Inhyok Cha
February 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 32 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The establishment of trust relationships to a computing platform relies on validation processes. Validation allows an external entity to build trust in the expected behaviour of the platform based on provided evidence of the platform's configuration. ...
Keywords: Hash tree, Measurement log, Remote attestation, Trusted platform, Validation, Verification data
67
	
Application-level isolation and recovery with solitude
Shvetank Jain, Fareha Shafique, Vladan Djeric, Ashvin Goel
April 2008 		
Eurosys '08: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGOPS/EuroSys European Conference on Computer Systems 2008
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (218.41 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 629,    Citation Count: 13

When computer systems are compromised by an attack, it is difficult to determine the precise extent of the damage caused by the attack because the state changes made by an attacker and those made by regular users can be closely intertwined. This problem ...

Keywords: access control, copy-on-write, file systems, recovery, taint analysis, transactional file system

Also published in:
April 2008 	SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 	Volume 42 Issue 4
68
	
Feature: Forensic investigation of cloud computing systems
Mark Taylor, John Haggerty, David Gresty, David Lamb
March 2011 		
Network Security , Volume 2011 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

Cloud computing describes a computing concept where software services, and the resources they use, operate as (and on) a virtualised platform across many different host machines, connected by the Internet or an organisation's internal network. From a ...
69
	
Enabling the 21st century health care information technology revolution
Rakesh Agrawal, Tyrone Grandison, Christopher Johnson, Jerry Kiernan
February 2007 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 50 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (42.75 KB),  PDFPDF (678.19 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 4036,    Citation Count: 9

The U.S. government's vision of the health care information infrastructure is possible using technologies that support the sharing of medical e-records while maintaining patient privacy.
70
	
GS-TMS: a global stream-based threat monitor system
Jiajia Miao
August 2008 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.12 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 133,    Citation Count:

Computer networks have become ubiquitous and integral part of the nation's critical infrastructure. How to grasp the real-time overall situation of the network security is very noteworthy to study. Current network security systems make great contributions ...
71
	
Improving evidence acquisition from live network sources
Bruce J. Nikkel
June 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

The pervasiveness of network technology is causing a shift in the location of digital evidence. What was once largely found on individual disks tied to single individuals is now becoming distributed across remote networked machines, under the control ...
Keywords: Live network acquisition, Live network evidence, Live network forensics, NFAT, Network forensics
72
	
Preference-Function Algorithm: a novel approach for selection of the users' preferred websites
S. Kami Makki, Seema Jani, Xiaohua Jia, Wuxu Peng
October 2007 		
International Journal of Business Intelligence and Data Mining , Volume 2 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Designing a website which is helpful to its users requires knowledge of the users' preferences and their motivations. Therefore, a designer requires to anticipate the users' needs and structures the website accordingly. This paper implements ...

Keywords: classification, clustering, customisation, data mining, pattern discovery, personalisation, preferred websites, usage mining, user preferences, web mining, web pages, website design, website selection
73
	
Strategic alternatives in telecare design
Albert Boonstra, Manda Broekhuis, Marjolein van Offenbeek, Hans Wortmann
June 2011 		
The Journal of Strategic Information Systems , Volume 20 Issue 2
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Research highlights¿ We integrate work on strategic value configurations within the Strategic IS alignment model. ¿ A framework involving three distinct alignment configurations is developed for telecare. ¿ We use this framework to explain the contrasting ...
Keywords: Design, Strategic alignment, Telecare, Value configurations
74
	
Designing and implementing cloud-based digital forensics hands-on labs
Michael Simmons, Hongmei Chi
October 2012 		
InfoSecCD '12: Proceedings of the 2012 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (150.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 117,   Downloads (Overall): 467,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is radically changing the way how information technology services are created, delivered, accessed and managed. The rise of cloud computing not only has exacerbated the problem of scale for digital forensics activities, but also created ...
Keywords: Amazon EC2, EnCase, FTK, VMware, case study, cloud computing, cloud forensics, computer security, digital forensics
75
	
NVisionCC: a visualization framework for high performance cluster security
William Yurcik, Xin Meng, Nadir Kiyanclar
October 2004 		
VizSEC/DMSEC '04: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Visualization and data mining for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (565.00 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 25,   Downloads (Overall): 634,    Citation Count: 5

Large high performance clusters are gaining popularity as a means of harnessing vast computing resources at low cost using commodity components. Cluster system administrators face difficulty from two related problems. First, while several cluster monitoring ...
Keywords: NVisionCC, cluster security, high performance security, security situational awareness, security visualization
76
	
NetQuery: a knowledge plane for reasoning about network properties
Alan Shieh, Emin Gün Sirer, Fred B. Schneider
August 2011 		
SIGCOMM '11: Proceedings of the ACM SIGCOMM 2011 conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Mp4Mp4 (2798546:46 MIN),  PDFPDF (782.77 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 588,    Citation Count: 5

This paper presents the design and implementation of NetQuery, a knowledge plane for federated networks such as the Internet. In such networks, not all administrative domains will generate information that an application can trust and many administrative ...
Keywords: knowledge plane, tpm, trustworthy computing

Also published in:
October 2011 	SIGCOMM Computer Communication Review 	Volume 41 Issue 4
77
	
An access control reference architecture
Amir Jerbi, Ethan Hadar, Carrie Gates, Dmitry Grebenev
October 2008 		
CSAW '08: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM workshop on Computer security architectures
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (342.42 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 373,    Citation Count:

System administrators typically have unrestricted access to all files and programs on a system, with no enforced principle of least privilege. Additionally, this unrestricted access causes challenges for audit as many different users might have superuser ...

Keywords: access control, architecture centric evolution, reference architecture, security
78
	
Overview of SLL's proposal in response to NIST's call for new global IdM/CKM designs without public keys
Benjamin Gittins
April 2010 		
CSIIRW '10: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (100.32 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 52,    Citation Count:

In this paper we outline (apparently) the first globally scalable, post quantum secure, symmetric method of Identity Management (IdM) and Cryptographic Key Management (CKM) that is secure against a collusion of up to m-1 participating ...
79
	
Regulating Exceptions in Healthcare Using Policy Spaces
Claudio Agostino Ardagna, Sabrina Capitani Di Vimercati, Tyrone Grandison, Sushil Jajodia, Pierangela Samarati
July 2008 		
Proceeedings of the 22nd annual IFIP WG 11.3 working conference on Data and Applications Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

One truth holds for the healthcare industry - nothing should interfere with the delivery of care. Given this fact, the access control mechanisms used in healthcare to regulate and restrict the disclosure of data are often bypassed. This <em>"break ...
80
	
The role of key loggers in computer-based assessment forensics
R. Laubscher, M. S. Olivier, H. S. Venter, J. H. P. Eloff, D. J. Rabe
July 2005 		
SAICSIT '05: Proceedings of the 2005 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (82.44 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 1119,    Citation Count: 0

When conducting a computer-based assessment in an educational environment, several infringements of assessment regulations could arise. Examples are, illegal communication (e.g. by e-mail, web or cell phone); hiding of computer objects with the aim of ...
Keywords: computer-based assessment forensics, digital evidence collection 
81
	
Technology: Understanding the drivers for secure data storage
Steve Gold
September 2010 		
Infosecurity , Volume 7 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Storing and securing data can be headache for most IT managers but, as Steve Gold explains, the problem can be solved with the correct approach
82
	
Reverse engineering for mobile systems forensics with Ares
John Tuttle, Robert J. Walls, Erik Learned-Miller, Brian Neil Levine
October 2010 		
Insider Threats '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ACM workshop on Insider threats
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (483.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 275,    Citation Count: 2

We present Ares, a reverse engineering technique for assisting in the analysis of data recovered for the investigation of mobile and embedded systems. The focus of investigations into insider activity is most often on the data stored on the insider's ...
Keywords: data recovery, forensics, mobile phones, reverse engineering
83
	
Network security management with traffic pattern clustering
Tao-Wei Chiou, Shi-Chun Tsai, Yi-Bing Lin
September 2014 		
Soft Computing - A Fusion of Foundations, Methodologies and Applications , Volume 18 Issue 9
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Profiling network traffic pattern is an important approach for tackling network security problem. Based on campus network infrastructure, we propose a new method to identify randomly generated domain names and pinpoint the potential victim groups. We ...
Keywords: Big data, Clustering, Denial of service, Jaccard similarity, Machine learning, ROC curve
84
	
Accountable key infrastructure (AKI): a proposal for a public-key validation infrastructure
Tiffany Hyun-Jin Kim, Lin-Shung Huang, Adrian Perring, Collin Jackson, Virgil Gligor
May 2013 		
WWW '13: Proceedings of the 22nd international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: International World Wide Web Conferences Steering Committee
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (446.45 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 25,   Downloads (12 Months): 113,   Downloads (Overall): 220,    Citation Count: 9

Recent trends in public-key infrastructure research explore the tradeoff between decreased trust in Certificate Authorities (CAs), resilience against attacks, communication overhead (bandwidth and latency) for setting up an SSL/TLS connection, and availability ...
Keywords: accountability, certificate validation, public log servers, public-key infrastructure, ssl, tls
85
	
More than modelling and hiding: towards a comprehensive view of Web mining and privacy
Bettina Berendt
May 2012 		
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 24 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Over the last decade, privacy has been widely recognised as one of the major problems of data collections in general and the Web in particular. This concerns specifically data arising from Web usage (such as querying or transacting) and social networking ...
Keywords: Knowledge discovery cycle, Privacy, Social network analysis, Web mining, Web usage (mining)
86
	
TrustGK monitor: 'customer trust as a service' for the cloud
Gaurangkumar Khalasi, Minubhai Chaudhari
September 2012 		
CUBE '12: Proceedings of the CUBE International Information Technology Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (582.56 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is an attractive model for cost conscious customers by providing computing resources in the form of readily available services with pay-as-you-go plans. With the use of the Cloud computing, many businesses get affordable and convenient ...
Keywords: cloud computing, logs, system controls, trust components
87
	
Reflections on spartan programming and the no-debugger principle
Joseph Yossi Gil
October 2010 		
HVC'10: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Hardware and software: verification and testing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this not too scientific presentation, I briefly described my spartan programming methodology, and said why I believe debuggers should never be used. In a way, these two offer indirect means of coping with intractable problem of software quality: The ...
88
	
Can DREs provide long-lasting security? the case of return-oriented programming and the AVC advantage
Stephen Checkoway, Ariel J. Feldman, Brian Kantor, J. Alex Halderman, Edward W. Felten, Hovav Shacham
August 2009 		
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 28

A secure voting machine design must withstand new attacks devised throughout its multi-decade service lifetime. In this paper, we give a case study of the longterm security of a voting machine, the Sequoia AVC Advantage, whose design dates back to the ...
89
	
A survey of security in multi-agent systems
Rodolfo Carneiro Cavalcante, Ig Ibert Bittencourt, Alan Pedro da Silva, Marlos Silva, Evandro Costa, Robério Santos
April 2012 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 39 Issue 5
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Multi-agent systems (MAS) are a relatively new software paradigm that is being widely accepted in several application domains to address large and complex tasks. However, with the use of MAS in open, distributed and heterogeneous applications, the security ...
Keywords: Agents, Multi-agent systems, Multi-agents, Security, Security in MAS
90
	
VMBLS: virtual machine based logging scheme for prevention of tampering and loss
Masaya Sato, Toshihiro Yamauchi
August 2011 		
ARES'11: Proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4/8.9 international cross domain conference on Availability, reliability and security for business, enterprise and health information systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Logging information is necessary in order to understand a computer's behavior. However, there is a possibility that attackers will delete logs to hide the evidence of their attacking and cheating. Moreover, various problems might cause the loss of logging ...
Keywords: digital forensics, log, security, virtual machine monitor, virtualization
91
	
Enforcing Minimum Necessary Access in Healthcare Through Integrated Audit and Access Control
Paul Martin, Aviel D. Rubin, Rafae Bhatti
September 2013 		
BCB'13: Proceedings of the International Conference on Bioinformatics, Computational Biology and Biomedical Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (427.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 0

One of the most important requirements of HIPAA is the "minimum-necessary" access requirement, which states that healthcare personnel must be granted no more access to electronic healthcare data than is necessary in order to work effectively. Due to ...
92
	
Model-driven web usage analysis for the evaluation of web application quality
Piero Fraternali, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Andrea Maurino
October 2004 		
Journal of Web Engineering , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Rinton Press, Incorporated
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

So far, conceptual modeling of Web applications has been used primarily in the upper part of the life cycle, as a driver for system analysis. Little attention has been put on exploiting the conceptual specifications developed during analysis for application ...
Keywords: conceptual modeling, quality evaluation, web usage analysis, web usage mining, webML
93
	
Augmenting security and accountability within the eHealth exchange
M. Ahmed, M. Ahamad, T. Jaiswal
January 2014 		
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 58 Issue 1
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The increased use of electronic medical records and online sharing of such records is motivated by improved quality of healthcare delivery. However, this use has raised security and privacy concerns because sensitive medical data could be exposed to ...
94
	
Secure audit logs to support computer forensics
Bruce Schneier, John Kelsey
May 1999 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 2 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (125.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 3638,    Citation Count: 66

In many real-world applications, sensitive information must be kept it log files on an untrusted machine. In the event that an attacker captures this machine, we would like to guarantee that he will gain little or no information from the log files and ...

Keywords: audit logs, auditing, authenthication, computer forensics, hash chains, intrusion detection
95
	
A survey on session detection methods in query logs and a proposal for future evaluation
Daniel Gayo-Avello
May 2009 		
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 179 Issue 12
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 17

Search engine logs provide a highly detailed insight of users' interactions. Hence, they are both extremely useful and sensitive. The datasets publicly available to scholars are, unfortunately, too few, too dated and too small. There are few because ...

Keywords: Query log, Search engine, Session detection, Topical session, Web searching
96
	
Building security requirements with CLASP
John Viega
July 2005 		
SESS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 workshop on Software engineering for secure systems—building trustworthy applications
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (68.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 665,    Citation Count: 6

Traditionally, security requirements have been derived in an ad hoc manner. Recently, commercial software development organizations have been looking for ways to produce effective security requirements.In this paper, we show how to build security ...

Keywords: application security, security process, security requirements

Also published in:
July 2005 	SIGSOFT Software Engineering Notes 	Volume 30 Issue 4
97
	
Policy-based management and sharing of sensitive information among government agencies
Tryg Ager, Christopher Johnson, Jerry Kiernan
October 2006 		
MILCOM'06: Proceedings of the 2006 IEEE conference on Military communications
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose a set of policy-based technologies to enable increased information sharing among government agencies without compromising information security or individual privacy. Our approach includes: (1) fine-grained access controls that support deny ...
98
	
WELFIT
Vagner Figueredo de Santana, Maria Cecília Calani Baranauskas
April 2015 		
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 76 Issue C
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Although websites evaluation tools use different data sources (e.g., Web pages, server logs, and mouse tracks), few of them support remote evaluation using detailed observational data. Without considering data that represent the user's real interaction ...
Keywords: Client-side events, Remote evaluation, User interface evaluation, User interface events, Web accessibility, Web usability
99
	
Grid-Enabled Virtual Organization Based Dynamic Firewall
Mark L. Green, Steven M. Gallo, Russ Miller
November 2004 		
GRID '04: Proceedings of the 5th IEEE/ACM International Workshop on Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.88 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 4,   Downloads (Overall): 163,    Citation Count: 4

The development of heterogeneous grid infrastructure is in its infancy and the potential impact of unauthorized network connections and/or potential system corruption is a serious concern. This project addresses the need for the integration of a dynamic ...
100
	
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - Preparation and challenges
Andy Johnston, Jessica Reust
September 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As new legislation is written mandating notification of affected parties following the compromise of confidential data, reliable investigative procedures into unauthorized access of such data assume increasing importance. The increasing costs and penalties ...
Keywords: Compromise of sensitive information, Digital forensic examination, Forensic preparedness, Incident response, Intrusion investigation, Network forensics 
101
	
CrowdLogging: distributed, private, and anonymous search logging
Henry Allen Feild, James Allan, Joshua Glatt
July 2011 		
SIGIR '11: Proceedings of the 34th international ACM SIGIR conference on Research and development in Information Retrieval
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (524.53 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 268,    Citation Count: 4

We describe CrowdLogging, an approach for distributed search log collection, storage, and mining, with the dual goals of preserving privacy and making the mined information broadly available. Most search log mining approaches and most privacy enhancing ...
Keywords: distributed query logs, private query log analysis
102
	
Privacy-preserving network flow recording
Bilal Shebaro, Jedidiah R. Crandall
August 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Network flow recording is an important tool with applications that range from legal compliance and security auditing to network forensics, troubleshooting, and marketing. Unfortunately, current network flow recording technologies do not allow network ...
Keywords: Identity based encryption, NetFlow, Network forensics, Privacy preserving semantics, Statistical database
103
	
Piranha audit: a kernel enhancements and utilities to improve audit/logging
Vincenzo Cutello, Emilio Mastriani, Francesco Pappalardo
October 2000 		
ALS'00: Proceedings of the 4th annual Linux Showcase & Conference - Volume 4 , Volume 4
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents a mechanism to enrich logging as required in TCSEC [1] document to detect and stop possible intrusions based on typical attacks and to protect the sensible audit data from deletion/modification even in root compromise situation. After ...
104
	
Automated extraction of behavioural profiles from document usage
S. D. Wolthusen
January 2007 		
BT Technology Journal , Volume 25 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Both human analysts and particularly automated tool suites are capable of deriving sensitive information and conclusions from collections of data items that individually cannot be considered critical or sensitive. This activity of analysing and correlating ...
105
	
EMV: why payment systems fail
Ross Anderson, Steven J. Murdoch
June 2014 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 57 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (24.59 KB),  PDFPDF (2.57 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 529,   Downloads (Overall): 991,    Citation Count: 0

What lessons might we learn from the chip cards used for payments in Europe, now that the U.S. is adopting them too?
106
	
Mining search engine query logs for social filtering-based query recommendation
Zhiyong Zhang, Olfa Nasraoui
September 2008 		
Applied Soft Computing , Volume 8 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

This paper presents a simple and intuitive method for mining search engine query logs for fast social filtering, where searchers are provided with dynamic query recommendations on a large-scale industrial-strength search engine. We adopt a dynamic approach ...

Keywords: Query log, Recommendation, Social filtering, Web mining
107
	
Combining a bayesian classifier with visualisation: understanding the IDS
Stefan Axelsson
October 2004 		
VizSEC/DMSEC '04: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Visualization and data mining for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (332.05 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1002,    Citation Count: 4

Despite several years of intensive study, intrusion detection systems still suffer from two key deficiencies: Low detection rates and a high rate of false alarms. To counteract these drawbacks an interactive detection system based on simple Bayesian ...
Keywords: intrusion detection, naive bayesian classification
108
	
Educational data mining: a review of the state of the art
Cristóbal Romero, Sebastián Ventura
November 2010 		
IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics, Part C: Applications and Reviews , Volume 40 Issue 6
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 50

Educational datamining (EDM) is an emerging interdisciplinary research area that deals with the development of methods to explore data originating in an educational context. EDM uses computational approaches to analyze educational data in order to study ...
Keywords: data mining (DM), educational data mining (EDM), educational systems, knowledge discovery
109
	
Oblivious user management for cloud-based data synchronization
Mahmood Ahmad, Zeeshan Pervez, Taechoong Cheong, Sungyoung Lee
April 2015 		
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 71 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

One of the main issues with data sharing in cloud environment is to manage user access and its auto revocation in a controlled and flexible way. The issue becomes more complex when privacy on user access has to be ensured as well to hide additional leakage ...
Keywords: Cloud storage, Oblivious access, Privacy, Private matching
110
	
SAD: web session anomaly detection based on parameter estimation
Sanghyun Cho, Sungdeok Cha
June 2004 		
Computers and Security , Volume 23 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Web attacks are too numerous in numbers and serious in potential consequences for modern society to tolerate. Unfortunately, current generation signature-based intrusion detection systems (IDS) are inadequate, and security techniques such as firewalls ...
Keywords: Anomaly detection, Computer security, Intrusion detection, Machine learning, Parameter estimation, Web attacks
111
	
A robust subspace classification scheme based on empirical intersection removal and sparse approximation
Yinan Yu, Tomas McKelvey
January 2015 		
Integrated Computer-Aided Engineering , Volume 22 Issue 1
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Subspace models are widely used in many applications. By assuming an individual subspace model for each class, linear regression is applied and combined with minimum distance criteria for making the final decision. In a generalized subspace model, the ...
Keywords: Classification, Linear Subspace, Sparse Representation, Training Data Selection
112
	
Modeling of information system correlated events time dependencies
Jacques Saraydaryan, Véronique Legrand, Stéphane Ubéda
June 2008 		
NOTERE '08: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on New technologies in distributed systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (670.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count:

Many works have been carried out in events correlation and intrusion detection. Although they use different methods or correlation approaches, they all highlight the importance of time in their modeling process. In this paper, we suggest a new time consideration ...

Keywords: Bayesian network, behavior, global vision, intrusion detection
113
	
Letters
Linux Journal Staff
December 2006 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2006 Issue 152
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (13.89 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 0,   Downloads (Overall): 42,    Citation Count:

¿
114
	
SecLaaS: secure logging-as-a-service for cloud forensics
Shams Zawoad, Amit Kumar Dutta, Ragib Hasan
May 2013 		
ASIA CCS '13: Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGSAC symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (665.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 211,   Downloads (Overall): 587,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing has emerged as a popular computing paradigm in recent years. However, today's cloud computing architectures often lack support for computer forensic investigations. Analyzing various logs (e.g., process logs, network logs) plays a vital ...
Keywords: cloud forensics, cloud security, forensic investigation, logging-as-a-service
115
	
Profiling the operational behavior of OS device drivers
Constantin Sârbu, Andréas Johansson, Neeraj Suri, Nachiappan Nagappan
August 2010 		
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

As the complexity of modern Operating Systems (OS) increases, testing key OS components such as device drivers (DD) becomes increasingly complex given the multitude of possible DD interactions. Currently, DD testing entails a broad spectrum ...
Keywords: Device driver, Empirical studies, Operating system, Operational profile, Runtime behavior
116
	
A privacy-preserving secure service discovery protocol for ubiquitous computing environments
Jangseong Kim, Joonsang Baek, Kwangjo Kim, Jianying Zhou
September 2010 		
EuroPKI'10: Proceedings of the 7th European conference on Public key infrastructures, services and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently, numerous service discovery protocols have been introduced in the open literature. Unfortunately, many of them did not consider security issues, and for those that did, many security and privacy problems still remain. One important issue is ...
117
	
Administering Very High Volume Internet Services
Dan Mosedale, William Foss, Rob McCool
September 1995 		
LISA '95: Proceedings of the 9th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Providing WWW or FTP service on a small scale is already a well-solved problem. Scaling this to work at a site that accepts millions of connections per day, however, can easily push multiple machines and networks to the bleeding edge. In this paper, ...
118
	
Employing inductive databases in concrete applications
Rosa Meo, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Danilo Careggio, Roberto Esposito
March 2004 		
Proceedings of the 2004 European conference on Constraint-Based Mining and Inductive Databases
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper we present the application of the inductive database approach to two practical analytical case studies: Web usage mining in Web logs and financial data. As far as concerns the Web domain, we have considered the enriched XML Web logs, that ...
119
	
E-voting and forensics: prying open the black box
Matt Bishop, Sean Peisert, Candice Hoke, Mark Graff, David Jefferson
August 2009 		
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Over the past six years, the nation has moved rapidly from punch cards and levers to electronic voting systems. These new systems have occasionally presented election officials with puzzling technical irregularities. The national experience has included ...
120
	
The implementation guidance for practicing network isolation by referring to ISO-17799 standard
Yeu-Pong Lai, Ruan-Han Dai
June 2009 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In these years, the company budgets are raised dramatically for eliminating the security problems or mitigating the security risks in companies, but the numbers of incidents happening on computer systems in intranet or internet are still increasing. ...

Keywords: ISO-17799, Network isolation, Physical and environmental security, Security network control, Segregation in networks, Sensitive system isolation 
121
	
The challenges of large computer evidence cases
Peter Sommer
February 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2
122
	
Local anomaly detection for mobile network monitoring
Pekka Kumpulainen, Kimmo Hätönen
October 2008 		
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 178 Issue 20
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Huge amounts of operation data are constantly collected from various parts of communication networks. These data include measurements from the radio connections and system logs from servers. System operators and developers need robust, easy to use decision ...

Keywords: Adaptive thresholds, Local anomaly detection, Mobile networks, Outlier, Self-organizing map, System log
123
	
Visualization of System Log Files for Post-incident Analysis and Response
John Haggerty, Thomas Hughes-Roberts
June 2014 		
Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Human Aspects of Information Security, Privacy, and Trust - Volume 8533 , Volume 8533
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Post-incident analysis of a security event is a complex task due to the volume of data that must be assessed, often within tight temporal constraints. System software, such as operating systems and applications, provide a range of opportunities to record ...
Keywords: Visualization, intrusion detection, system logs, triage
124
	
An extensible analysable system model
Christian W. Probst, René Rydhof Hansen
November 2008 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Analysing real-world systems for vulnerabilities with respect to security and safety threats is a difficult undertaking, not least due to a lack of availability of formalisations for those systems. While both formalisations and analyses can be found ...
125
	
Verifying trustworthiness of virtual appliances in collaborative environments
Cornelius Namiluko, Jun Ho Huh, Andrew Martin
June 2011 		
TRUST'11: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Trust and trustworthy computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Often in collaborative research environments that are facilitated through virtual infrastructures, there are requirements for sharing virtual appliances and verifying their trustworthiness. Many researchers assume that virtual appliances -- shared between ...
126
	
IT compliance of industrial information systems: Technology management and industrial engineering perspective
Sangkyun Kim
October 2007 		
Journal of Systems and Software , Volume 80 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IT compliance is one of the hottest issues in IT and technology management fields. The purpose of this paper is to provide a common framework for IT compliance. First, a review on the compliance age is provided. Second, the characteristics of business ...

Keywords: Compliance, Industrial information system, Records management, Technology management
127
	
Modular design, application architecture, and usage of a self-service model for enterprise data delivery
Monica M. Horvath, Shelley A. Rusincovitch, Stephanie Brinson, Howard C. Shang, Steve Evans, Jeffrey M. Ferranti
December 2014 		
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 52 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Display Omitted DEDUCE is a self-service platform for data generated in clinical practice.The application is a framework of modules, each providing a targeted functionality.DEDUCE Cohort Manager is the keystone module for user data exploration.The DEDUCE ...
Keywords: Application development, BIBusiness Intelligence, CCOWClinical Context Object Workgroup, CMCohort Manager, CRChart Review, CTClinical Text, Cohort definition, DEDUCEDuke Enterprise Data Unified Content Explorer, DMCDuke MAESTRO Care, EDWenterprise data warehouse, EHRelectronic health record, EMExport Manager, ETLextract-transform-load, GQGuided Query, HIPAAHealth Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, HbA1cglycated hemoglobin, IRBinstitutional review board, Information systems, MAESTROMedical Application Environments Supporting Transformation of Research and Operations, Medical informatics applications, NCRRNational Center for Research Resources, NIHNational Institutes of Health, NINRNational Institute of Nursing Research, PHIprotected health information, RPDRResearch Patient Data Repository, Research query tool, SQLstructured query language, STRIDEStanford Translational Research Integrated Database Environment, System design and architecture, i2b2informatics for integrating biology and the bedside, ld
128
	
Searching similar segments over textual event sequences
Liang Tang, Tao Li, Shu-Ching Chen, Shunzhi Zhu
October 2013 		
CIKM '13: Proceedings of the 22nd ACM international conference on Conference on information & knowledge management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (904.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 130,    Citation Count: 0

Sequential data is prevalent in many scientific and commercial applications such as bioinformatics, system security and networking. Similarity search has been widely studied for symbolic and time series data in which each data object is a symbol or numeric ...
Keywords: log event, similarity search, textual sequence
129
	
Computer Immunology
Mark Burgess
December 1998 		
LISA '98: Proceedings of the 12th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 31
130
	
Decide Now or Decide Later?: Quantifying the Tradeoff between Prospective and Retrospective Access Decisions
Wen Zhang, You Chen, Thaddeus Cybulski, Daniel Fabbri, Carl Gunter, Patrick Lawlor, David Liebovitz, Bradley Malin
November 2014 		
CCS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.75 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 143,   Downloads (Overall): 143,    Citation Count: 0

One of the greatest challenges an organization faces is determining when an employee is permitted to utilize a certain resource in a system. This "insider threat" can be addressed through two strategies: i) prospective methods, such as access control, ...
Keywords: access control, audit, context, data mining, decision support
131
	
ROAC: a role-oriented access control model
Nezar Nassr, Eric Steegmans
June 2012 		
WISTP'12: Proceedings of the 6th IFIP WG 11.2 international conference on Information Security Theory and Practice: security, privacy and trust in computing systems and ambient intelligent ecosystems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) has become the de facto standard for realizing authorization requirements in a wide range of organizations. Existing RBAC models suffer from two main shortcomings; lack of expressiveness of roles/permissions and ambiguities ...
Keywords: RBAC, access control, authorization, role hierarchies
132
	
Traffic behavior analysis and modeling of sub-networks
Yen-Wen Chen
August 2002 		
International Journal of Network Management , Volume 12 Issue 5
Publisher: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (173.29 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 0,   Downloads (Overall): 812,    Citation Count: 3

In this paper, the characteristics of sub-network traffic is analyzed from the correlation point of view. It is easy to see that the traffic histogram of a sub-network has a 24-hour seasonal variation due to daily usage behavior. The auto correlation ...
133
	
Browse and discover: social file sharing in the enterprise
N. Sadat Shami, Michael Muller, David Millen
March 2011 		
CSCW '11: Proceedings of the ACM 2011 conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (989.94 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 479,    Citation Count: 10

There is a growth in the popularity of social file sharing systems. This paper describes the design of Cattail, a social file sharing system for the enterprise. Through a 'Recent Events' stream, Cattail supports social navigation and exploratory search ...
Keywords: enterprise use, file sharing, metadata, social navigation, social networks, tagging
134
	
When to Review Security - Timing is Everything...
October 2002 		
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
135
	
A framework for post-event timeline reconstruction using neural networks
M. N. A. Khan, C. R. Chatwin, R. C. D. Young
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Post-event timeline reconstruction plays a critical role in forensic investigation and serves as a means of identifying evidence of the digital crime. We present an artificial neural networks based approach for post-event timeline reconstruction using ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Digital evidence, Digital forensic analysis, Digital investigation, Event reconstruction, Neural networks
136
	
A looking-out portal (LOP) approach to enhance qualitative aspects of bandwidth utilisation in academic networks
Zahid Ansari, Johannes Herrmann, Matin Abdullah, Waseem Ahmed
November 2011 		
International Journal of Networking and Virtual Organisations , Volume 9 Issue 4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Campuses of educational institutions periodically need to increase network bandwidth to keep up with increased demand and this decision is based on the quantitative aspects of the network bandwidth utilisation. The qualitative utilisation of the bandwidth ...
137
	
Feature evaluation for web crawler detection with data mining techniques
Dusan Stevanovic, Aijun An, Natalija Vlajic
August 2012 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 39 Issue 10
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) is one of the most damaging attacks on the Internet security today. Recently, malicious web crawlers have been used to execute automated DDoS attacks on web sites across the WWW. In this study we examine the effect ...
Keywords: Classification, DDoS, Data mining, WEKA, Web crawler detection, Web server access logs
138
	
Evaluation of artificial intelligent techniques to secure information in enterprises
Amjad Rehman, Tanzila Saba
December 2014 		
Artificial Intelligence Review , Volume 42 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Information security paradigm is under a constant threat in enterprises particularly. The extension of World Wide Web and rapid expansion in size and types of documents involved in enterprises has generated many challenges. Extensive research has been ...
Keywords: A.I. techniques, Information security, Network intrusion detection systems (NIDS), Performance, Threats
139
	
Measuring the forensic-ability of audit logs for nonrepudiation
Jason King
May 2013 		
ICSE '13: Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (398.64 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 116,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of software log files is used to extract user behavior profiles, detect fraud, and check compliance with policies and regulations. Software systems maintain several types of log files for different purposes. For example, a system may ...
140
	
Home-centric visualization of network traffic for security administration
Robert Ball, Glenn A. Fink, Chris North
October 2004 		
VizSEC/DMSEC '04: Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Visualization and data mining for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.92 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 99,   Downloads (Overall): 1968,    Citation Count: 29

Today's system administrators, burdened by rapidly increasing network activity, must quickly perceive the security state of their networks, but they often have only text-based tools to work with. These tools often provide no overview to help users grasp ...
Keywords: information visualization, networks, security 
141
	
Enforcement of entailment constraints in distributed service-based business processes
Waldemar Hummer, Patrick Gaubatz, Mark Strembeck, Uwe Zdun, Schahram Dustdar
November 2013 		
Information and Software Technology , Volume 55 Issue 11
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Context: A distributed business process is executed in a distributed computing environment. The service-oriented architecture (SOA) paradigm is a popular option for the integration of software services and execution of distributed business processes. ...
Keywords: Business process management, Entailment constraints, Identity and access management, Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA), WS-BPEL
142
	
Beyond lightning: A survey on security challenges in cloud computing
Chunming Rong, Son T. Nguyen, Martin Gilje Jaatun
January 2013 		
Computers and Electrical Engineering , Volume 39 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Cloud computing is a model to provide convenient, on-demand access to a shared pool configurable computing resources. In cloud computing, IT-related capabilities are provided as services, accessible without requiring detailed knowledge of the underlying ...
143
	
BBox: a distributed secure log architecture
Rafael Accorsi
September 2010 		
EuroPKI'10: Proceedings of the 7th European conference on Public key infrastructures, services and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents BBox, a digital black box to provide for authentic archiving in distributed systems. Based upon public key cryptography and trusted computing platforms, the BBox employs standard primitives to ensure the authenticity of records during ...
Keywords: distributed log architecture, public key cryptography
144
	
Profile-Based Summarisation for Web Site Navigation
Azhar Alhindi, Udo Kruschwitz, Chris Fox, M-Dyaa Albakour
February 2015 		
Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) , Volume 33 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.16 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 110,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 0

Information systems that utilise contextual information have the potential of helping a user identify relevant information more quickly and more accurately than systems that work the same for all users and contexts. Contextual information comes in a ...
Keywords: Term association networks, browsing, group profiling, log analysis, multi-document summarisation (MDS), navigation, single-document summarisation (SDS)
145
	
ELVIS: Extensible Log VISualization
Christopher Humphries, Nicolas Prigent, Christophe Bidan, Frédéric Majorczyk
October 2013 		
VizSec '13: Proceedings of the Tenth Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (840.71 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 128,   Downloads (Overall): 346,    Citation Count: 3

In this article, we propose ELVIS, a security-oriented log visualization tool that allows security experts to visually explore numerous types of log files through relevant representations. When a log file is loaded into ELVIS, a summary view is displayed. ...
Keywords: forensics, intrusion detection, logs management, visualization
146
	
Vehicular ad hoc network applications and security: a study into the economic and the legal implications
Patrice Seuwou, Dilip Patel, George Ubakanma
July 2014 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Vehicular ad hoc networks VANETs are an important component of intelligent transportation systems. In this context, vehicles are equipped with complex systems and advanced technologies such as communication systems, computing platforms with numerous ...
147
	
Crowdsourcing collection of data for crisis governance in the post-2015 world: potential offers and crucial challenges
Buddhadeb Halder
October 2014 		
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (424.54 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 64,    Citation Count: 0

The practice of 'crowdsourcing' under the new technological regime has opened doors of huge data repositories. In recent years, crowdsourcing have expanded rapidly allowing citizens to connect with each other, governments to connect with common mass, ...
Keywords: PET, big data, crisis governance, data, online data protection, policy, privacy, public governance
148
	
Scientific Papers
Staff
December 2003 		
Technology and Health Care , Volume 11 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
149
	
Data reduction by identification and correlation of TCP/IP attack attributes for network forensics
E. S. Pilli, R. C. Joshi, R. Niyogi
February 2011 		
ICWET '11: Proceedings of the International Conference & Workshop on Emerging Trends in Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (188.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 406,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics is an alternate approach to security, which monitors network traffic, stores the traces, detects anomalies, identifies the nature of attack, and investigates the source of attack. The challenge is to store, handle and analyze large ...
Keywords: ICMP, IP, TCP, UDP, network forensics, traffic analysis
150
	
Analyzing errors and referral pairs to characterize common problems and improve web reliability
Li Ma, Jeff Tian
July 2003 		
ICWE'03: Proceedings of the 2003 international conference on Web engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we analyze web server error logs and the corresponding referral pairs from web access logs to identify and characterize common web errors. We identify missing files as the primary type of web errors and classify them according to their ...

Keywords: defect analysis and classification, quality and reliability, referral pairs, web problems, web server logs (error and access logs)
151
	
Human factors considerations for privacy properties in home healthcare systems
Kyeong-Ah Jeong, Robert W. Proctor
April 2011 		
SREIS '11: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Information Security Symposium
Publisher: CERIAS - Purdue University
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy properties for remote/home-based healthcare systems have been proposed, but human factors issues involved in implementing those properties have received little consideration. We reviewed proposed privacy properties and identified human factors ...
152
	
Do You Know Where Your Data's Been? --- Tamper-Evident Database Provenance
Jing Zhang, Adriane Chapman, Kristen Lefevre
August 2009 		
SDM '09: Proceedings of the 6th VLDB Workshop on Secure Data Management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Database provenance chronicles the history of updates and modifications to data, and has received much attention due to its central role in scientific data management. However, the use of provenance information still requires a leap of faith. Without ...
153
	
A calculus for the qualitative risk assessment of policy override authorization
Steffen Bartsch
September 2010 		
SIN '10: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Security of information and networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (540.22 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 165,    Citation Count:

Policy override is gaining traction in the research community to improve the efficiency and usability of authorization mechanisms. These mechanisms turn the conventional privileges into a soft boundary that may be overridden by users in exceptional situations. ...
Keywords: authorization policy, policy override, risk assessment
154
	
Traducement: A model for record security
Tom Walcott, Matt Bishop
November 2004 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (311.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 862,    Citation Count: 1

Security models generally incorporate elements of both confidentiality and integrity. We examine a case where confidentiality is irrelevant to the process being modeled. In this case, integrity includes not only the authentication of origin and the lack ...

Keywords: Integrity, recordation, security policy, traducement
155
	
A central and secured logging data solution for Xen virtual machine
Nguyen Anh Quynh, Yoshiyasu Takefuji
February 2006 		
PDCN'06: Proceedings of the 24th IASTED international conference on Parallel and distributed computing and networks
Publisher: ACTA Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Logging data is a valuable and an important information to reveal the attacker's activities and to recover broken system. Unfortunately, once the attacker successfully penetrates a protected system, he never fails to either modify the logging data, or ...

Keywords: Linux, Xen virtual machine, central logging, secured logging
156
	
Practical forward secure sequential aggregate signatures
Di Ma
March 2008 		
ASIACCS '08: Proceedings of the 2008 ACM symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (322.41 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 426,    Citation Count: 8

A forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) signature scheme allows a signer to iteratively combine signatures generated in different time intervals - and with different keys - into a single constant-size signature. Such a signature offers ...
Keywords: MAC, forward secure sequential aggregate authentication, quality of forward security, signature
157
	
Determining the causes of AccuVote optical scan voting terminal memory card failures
Tigran Antonyan, Nicolas Nicolaou, Alexander A. Shvartsman, Therese Smith
August 2010 		
EVT/WOTE'10: Proceedings of the 2010 international conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Optical scan (OS) voting systems play an increasing role in the United States elections, with over 40 states deploying such systems. The AccuVote optical scanners (AVOS) manufactured by ES&S account for over 20% of all OS systems. OS systems typically ...
158
	
What are people searching on government web sites?
Michael Chau, Xiao Fang, Olivia R. Liu Sheng
April 2007 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 50 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (27.88 KB),  PDFPDF (158.44 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1120,    Citation Count: 2

A study of search activity on the Utah.gov Web site.
159
	
Predicting student exam's scores by analyzing social network data
Michael Fire, Gilad Katz, Yuval Elovici, Bracha Shapira, Lior Rokach
December 2012 		
AMT'12: Proceedings of the 8th international conference on Active Media Technology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In this paper, we propose a novel method for the prediction of a person's success in an academic course. By extracting log data from the course's website and applying network analysis methods, we were able to model and visualize the social interactions ...
Keywords: data mining, machine learning, multi graph, score prediction, social network analysis, web log analysis
160
	
A novel implementation of signature, encryption and authentication (SEA) protocol on mobile patient monitoring devices
Khamish Malhotra, Stephen Gardner, Will Mepham
September 2008 		
Technology and Health Care , Volume 16 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Mobile patient monitoring devices are becoming an integral part of healthcare industry and these devices will eventually become the method of choice for accessing and implementing health checks for patients located in remote areas. The thrust behind ...

Keywords: Secure remote patient monitoring system, cryptographic techniques, elliptic curve cryptography, mobile application security, security and integrity of healthcare data 
161
	
SALSA: analyzing logs as state machines
Jiaqi Tan, Xinghao Pan, Soila Kavulya, Rajeev Gandhi, Priya Narasimhan
December 2008 		
WASL'08: Proceedings of the First USENIX conference on Analysis of system logs
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 21

SALSA examines system logs to derive state-machine views of the sytem's execution, along with controlflow, data-flow models and related statistics. Exploiting SALSA's derived views and statistics, we can effectively construct higher-level useful analyses. ...
162
	
Slogger: A profiling and analysis system based on Semantic Web technologies
Mark Baker, Richard Boakes
April 2008 		
Scientific Programming , Volume 16 Issue 2-3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Increasingly, distributed systems are being used to host all manner of applications. While these platforms provide a relatively cheap and effective means of executing applications, so far there has been little work in developing tools and utilities that ...

Keywords: Post-mortem profiling, Semantic Web, distributed systems and applications, log analysis
163
	
Anatomy of an advanced persistent threat
Mike Auty
April 2015 		
Network Security , Volume 2015 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Often when a business is the subject of a hacking attack, emotions run high. The knee jerk reaction is one that comes from an emotional place - 'how could someone do this to me?' or 'who is responsible?'. And ultimately, the organisation wants the infiltrator ...
164
	
A Model of Privacy and Security for Electronic Health Records
Pulkit Mehndiratta, Shelly Sachdeva, Sudhanshu Kulshrestha
March 2014 		
DNIS 2014: Proceedings of the 9th International Workshop on Databases in Networked Information Systems - Volume 8381 , Volume 8381
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information and communication technology has created excellent development in over the past few years in the field of medicine and healthcare. Healthcare is constantly undergoing changes, with new medical technologies, business models and research findings. ...
Keywords: Developing Country, Electronic Health Record, India, Security and Privacy
165
	
Specifying digital forensics: A forensics policy approach
Carol Taylor, Barbara Endicott-Popovsky, Deborah A. Frincke
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

In this paper we present an approach to digital forensics specification based on forensic policy definition. Our methodology borrows from computer security policy specification, which has accumulated a significant body of research over the past 30 years. ...
Keywords: Computer security, Digital forensics, Forensic properties, Policy, System specification
166
	
Document logs: a distributed approach to metadata for better security and flexibility
Michael Gormish, Greg Wolff, Kurt Piersol, Peter Hart
September 2008 		
DocEng '08: Proceeding of the eighth ACM symposium on Document engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (407.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 173,    Citation Count:

A document log is an ordered list of entries providing a history for any sort of media or file, just as a logfile provides a history of a computer program and a logbook provides a history of a journey. The history of a document may consist of copyright ...

Keywords: hash chain, time-stamp, uuid
167
	
Provenance as a security control
Andrew Martin, John Lyle, Cornelius Namilkuo
June 2012 		
TaPP'12: Proceedings of the 4th USENIX conference on Theory and Practice of Provenance
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Much has been written about security and provenance. Although both have their own large areas of concern, there is a very significant intersection. One is often brought to bear upon the other, in the study of the security of provenance. We discuss through ...
168
	
Collection and exploration of large data monitoring sets using bitmap databases
Luca Deri, Valeria Lorenzetti, Steve Mortimer
April 2010 		
TMA'10: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Traffic Monitoring and Analysis
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Collecting and exploring monitoring data is becoming increasingly challenging as networks become larger and faster. Solutions based on both SQL-databases and specialized binary formats do not scale well as the amount of monitoring information increases. ...
Keywords: NetFlow, bitmap databases, flow collection
169
	
Trustworthy vacuuming and litigation holds in long-term high-integrity records retention
Ragib Hasan, Marianne Winslett
March 2010 		
EDBT '10: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (818.65 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count:

Relational databases are periodically vacuumed to remove tuples that have expired. During the discovery phase of litigation, plaintiffs ask defendants for access to information related to their case. The requested information is then subject to a litigation ...
170
	
Design and evaluation of a learning environment to effectively provide network security skills
Ivan Marsa-Maestre, Enrique De La Hoz, Jose Manuel Gimenez-Guzman, Miguel A. Lopez-Carmona
November 2013 		
Computers & Education , Volume 69
Publisher: Elsevier Science Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information system security and network security are topics of increasing importance in the information society. They are also topics where the adequate education of professionals requires the use of specific laboratory environments where the practical ...
Keywords: Architectures for educational technology systems, Distributed learning environments, Interactive learning environments, Simulations, Teaching/learning strategies
171
	
Tools and technology for computer forensics: research and development in Hong Kong
Lucas C. K. Hui, K. P. Chow, S. M. Yiu
May 2007 		
ISPEC'07: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Information security practice and experience
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the increased use of Internet and information technology all over the world, there is an increased amount of criminal activities that involve computing and digital data. These digital crimes (e-crimes) impose new challenges on prevention, detection, ...

Keywords: computer forensics, digital crimes, forensics technology
172
	
A multi-agent system based on specific-profile for efficient distributed computing
Youn-Gyou Kook, Woon-Yong Kim, Young-Keun Choi
March 2005 		
ICAI'05/MCBC'05/AMTA'05/MCBE'05: Proceedings of the 6th WSEAS international conference on Automation & information, and 6th WSEAS international conference on mathematics and computers in biology and chemistry, and 6th WSEAS international conference on acoustics and music: theory and applications, and 6th WSEAS international conference on Mathematics and computers in business and economics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose the multi agent system based on profiling specifics for the distributed system, SPMaS. The job scheduling and the path finding on the distributed computing are important factors for the reliable system and running time reduction. The factors ...
Keywords: distributed computing, mobile agent, multi agent system, specific profile
173
	
The case of the fake Picasso: preventing history forgery with secure provenance
Ragib Hasan, Radu Sion, Marianne Winslett
February 2009 		
FAST '09: Proccedings of the 7th conference on File and storage technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 33

As increasing amounts of valuable information are produced and persist digitally, the ability to determine the origin of data becomes important. In science, medicine, commerce, and government, data provenance tracking is essential for rights protection, ...
174
	
An Integrated Model for Patient Care and Clinical Trials (IMPACT) to support clinical research visit scheduling workflow for future learning health systems
Chunhua Weng, Yu Li, Solomon Berhe, Mary Regina Boland, Junfeng Gao, Gregory W. Hruby, Richard C. Steinman, Carlos Lopez-Jimenez, Linda Busacca, George Hripcsak, Suzanne Bakken, J. Thomas Bigger
August 2013 		
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 46 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a clinical research visit scheduling system that can potentially coordinate clinical research visits with patient care visits and increase efficiency at clinical sites where clinical and research activities occur simultaneously. Participatory ...
Keywords: Clinical research informatics, Health resources, Learning health systems, Personnel staffing and scheduling, Software, Workflow
175
	
A framework for preservation of cloud users' data privacy using dynamic reconstruction of metadata
Adeela Waqar, Asad Raza, Haider Abbas, Muhammad Khurram Khan
January 2013 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the rising paradigm of cloud computing, attainment of sustainable levels of cloud users' trust in using cloud services is directly dependent on effective mitigation of its associated impending risks and resultant security threats. Among the various ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Metadata, Privacy, Private cloud, Ubuntu Enterprise Cloud Eucalyptus
176
	
Mambo exploit blocked by seLinux
Richard Bullington-McGuire
July 2007 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2007 Issue 159
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (28.23 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 123,    Citation Count:

SELinux catches exploits.
177
	
FriendlyRoboCopy: A GUI to RoboCopy for computer forensic investigators
Claire Lavelle, Almudena Konrad
March 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of the most pressing challenges in digital investigations today is the extraction and forensic preservation of a subset of data on computer clusters and other large storage systems. As the number and capacity of computer systems increases, it is ...
Keywords: Computer cluster, Digital forensics, Drive mapping, Graphical User Interface, Microsoft OS forensics, NAS, Network forensics, Network system administration, Open Source application, Perl, RoboCopy application
178
	
Mining Criminal Networks from Chat Log
Farkhund Iqbal, Benjamin C. M. Fung, Mourad Debbabi
December 2012 		
WI-IAT '12: Proceedings of the The 2012 IEEE/WIC/ACM International Joint Conferences on Web Intelligence and Intelligent Agent Technology - Volume 01 , Volume 01
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (278.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 100,    Citation Count: 0

Cyber criminals exploit opportunities for anonymity and masquerade in web-based communication to conduct illegal activities such as phishing, spamming, cyber predation, cyber threatening, blackmail, and drug trafficking. One way to fight cyber crime ...
Keywords: crime investigation, criminal networks, data mining, frequent patterns, topic mining
179
	
ENAVis: enterprise network activities visualization
Qi Liao, Andrew Blaich, Aaron Striegel, Douglas Thain
November 2008 		
LISA'08: Proceedings of the 22nd conference on Large installation system administration conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

With the prevalence of multi-user environments, it has become an increasingly challenging task to precisely identify who is doing what on an enterprise network. Current management systems that rely on inferring user identity and application usage via ...
180
	
Improving the efficiency of information collection and analysis in widely-used IT applications
Sergey Blagodurov, Martin Arlitt
March 2011 		
ICPE '11: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance engineering
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.30 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 1

Modern IT environments collect and analyze increasingly large volumes of data for a growing number of purposes (e.g., automated management, security, regulatory compliance, etc.). Simultaneously, such environments are challenged by the need to minimize ... 
181
	
Attack Trends: The changing face of IT security
Bruce Potter
November 2006 		
Network Security , Volume 2006 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Faced with multiple changes in the IT landscape, it is sometimes hard to keep track of where the technology trends are going. Some varieties of attacks occurring today leave traditional security measures standing.
182
	
Temporal Mode-Checking for Runtime Monitoring of Privacy Policies
Omar Chowdhury, Limin Jia, Deepak Garg, Anupam Datta
July 2014 		
Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Computer Aided Verification - Volume 8559 , Volume 8559
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Fragments of first-order temporal logic are useful for representing many practical privacy and security policies. Past work has proposed two strategies for checking event trace (audit log) compliance with policies: online monitoring and offline audit. ...
Keywords: Mode checking, metric first-order temporal logic, privacy policy, runtime monitoring
183
	
Benefits and Challenges for BPM in the Cloud
Ute Riemann
January 2015 		
International Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Business processes are not only variable, they are dynamic as well. A key benefit of BPM is the ability to adjust processes accordingly in response to changing market requirements. In parallel to BPM, enterprise cloud computing technology has emerged ...
184
	
Complex event processing for reactive security monitoring in virtualized computer systems
Lars Baumgärtner, Christian Strack, Bastian Hoßbach, Marc Seidemann, Bernhard Seeger, Bernd Freisleben
June 2015 		
DEBS '15: Proceedings of the 9th ACM International Conference on Distributed Event-Based Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.34 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 138,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 138,    Citation Count: 0

The number of security incidents in computer systems is steadily increasing, despite intrusion detection and prevention mechanisms deployed as countermeasures. Many existing intrusion detection and prevention systems struggle to keep up with new threats ...
Keywords: complex event processing, monitoring, security
185
	
E-EPR: a workflow-based electronic emergency patient record
M. Poulymenopoulou, F. Malamateniou, G. Vassilacopoulos
January 2014 		
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (614.13 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 1

Emergency care is, politically and socially, one of the highest priorities in society today. Increasing patient expectations and the advancement of scientific and medical knowledge has had a dramatic effect on the provision of emergency care. Emergency ...
Keywords: Health and social care, Holistic care workflow, IHE, SOA
186
	
Visualization and management of digital forensics data
Guillermo Francia, Monica Trifas, Dorothy Brown, Rahjima Francia, Chrissy Scott
September 2006 		
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (87.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 1138,    Citation Count: 0

The collection, analysis, and preservation of digital forensic data are complementary activities that are ushered by our growing dependence on Information Technology. The training of professionals, who can effectively carry out these activities, suddenly ...
Keywords: computer forensics, computer security, data mining, human perception, visualization
187
	
Visual toolkit for network security experiment specification and data analysis
L. Li, P. Liu, G. Kesidis
November 2006 		
VizSEC '06: Proceedings of the 3rd international workshop on Visualization for computer security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (433.52 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 678,    Citation Count: 2

The increasing availability of network testbeds and the benefits of visualization-based security study call for the emergence of supporting tools for network security research. In this article we present ESVT, an integrated experiment specification and ...
Keywords: animated topology, experiment specification, testbed, visual toolkit
188
	
Releasing search queries and clicks privately
Aleksandra Korolova, Krishnaram Kenthapadi, Nina Mishra, Alexandros Ntoulas
April 2009 		
WWW '09: Proceedings of the 18th international conference on World wide web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (928.84 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 552,    Citation Count: 49

The question of how to publish an anonymized search log was brought to the forefront by a well-intentioned, but privacy-unaware AOL search log release. Since then a series of ad-hoc techniques have been proposed in the literature, though none are known ...

Keywords: data release, differential privacy, query click graph, search logs
189
	
BenchLab: an open testbed for realistic benchmarking of web applications
Emmanuel Cecchet, Veena Udayabhanu, Timothy Wood, Prashant Shenoy
June 2011 		
WebApps'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Web application development
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Web applications have evolved from serving static content to dynamically generating Web pages. Web 2.0 applications include JavaScript and AJAX technologies that manage increasingly complex interactions between the client and the Web server. Traditional ...
190
	
Network Forensics
Ben Laurie
June 2004 		
Queue , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (21.39 KB),  PDFPDF (495.59 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 227,   Downloads (12 Months): 12410,   Downloads (Overall): 18795,    Citation Count: 1

The dictionary defines forensics as "the use of science and technology to investigate and establish facts in criminal or civil courts of law." I am more interested, however, in the usage common in the computer world: using evidence remaining after an ...
191
	
SherLog: error diagnosis by connecting clues from run-time logs
Ding Yuan, Haohui Mai, Weiwei Xiong, Lin Tan, Yuanyuan Zhou, Shankar Pasupathy
March 2010 		
ASPLOS XV: Proceedings of the fifteenth edition of ASPLOS on Architectural support for programming languages and operating systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (576.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 640,    Citation Count: 47

Computer systems often fail due to many factors such as software bugs or administrator errors. Diagnosing such production run failures is an important but challenging task since it is difficult to reproduce them in house due to various reasons: (1) unavailability ...
Keywords: failure diagnostics, log, static analysis

Also published in:
March 2010 	SIGARCH Computer Architecture News 	Volume 38 Issue 1
March 2010 	SIGPLAN Notices 	Volume 45 Issue 3
192
	
Hardware-Assisted Intrusion Detection by Preserving Reference Information Integrity
Junghee Lee, Chrysostomos Nicopoulos, Gi Hwan Oh, Sang-Won Lee, Jongman Kim
December 2013 		
ICA3PP 2013: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Algorithms and Architectures for Parallel Processing - Volume 8285 , Volume 8285
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Malware detectors and integrity checkers detect malicious activities by comparing against reference data. To ensure their trustworthy operation, it is crucial to protect the reference data from unauthorized modification. This paper proposes the Soteria ...
Keywords: hardware, log, protection, security
193
	
Privacy and consent in pervasive networks
Nazir A. Malik, Allan Tomlinson
August 2009 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Pervasive networks and location based systems have the potential to provide many new services. However the user of these services often has to provide personal information to allow the service to operate effectively. This article considers the problem ...
194
	
Detection and surveillance technologies: privacy-related requirements and protection schemes
Vasilios Zorkadis
May 2007 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Detection, identification, authentication and surveillance technologies are increasingly deployed and at the same time further researched, aiming at countering terrorism and crime, protecting people and goods, and managing working procedures and activities. ...

Keywords: access control, authentication, cryptography, data mining, data protection, detection technologies, electronic security, human liberties, human rights, information hiding, oversight protection authorities, personal data, privacy protection, privacy-preserving technologies, surveillance society
195
	
A service platform for logging and analyzing mobile user behaviors
Po-Ming Chen, Cheng-Ho Chen, Wen-Hung Liao, Tsai-Yen Li
September 2011 		
Edutainment'11: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on E-learning and games, edutainment technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Quantitative analysis of user behavior calls for automated collection of large amount of log data over time. In this paper, we present a service platform for logging and analyzing mobile user behaviors. We have implemented a log collection service which ...
Keywords: mobile devices, mobile user behavior, user log analysis
196
	
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2006 		
SIGMOD '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (244.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 1183,    Citation Count: 5

Mechanisms now exist that detect tampering of a database, through the use of cryptographically-strong hash functions. This paper addresses the next problem, that of determining who, when, and what, by providing a systematic means of performing forensic ...
Keywords: append-only, corruption diagram, cryptographic hash function, forensic strength
197
	
Semantic search log k-anonymization with generalized k-cores of query concept graph
Claudio Carpineto, Giovanni Romano
March 2013 		
ECIR'13: Proceedings of the 35th European conference on Advances in Information Retrieval
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Search log k-anonymization is based on the elimination of infrequent queries under exact (or nearly exact) matching conditions, which usually results in a big data loss and impaired utility. We present a more flexible, semantic approach to k-anonymity ...
198
	
Distributed component architectures security issues
Giorgos Gousios, Efthimia Aivaloglou, Stefanos Gritzalis
March 2005 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 27 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Enterprise information systems and e-commerce applications are tightly integrated in today's modern enterprises. Component architectures are the base for building such multitier distributed applications. This paper examines the security threats those ...

Keywords: .NET, CORBA, Component architectures security, Components, J2EE
199
	
Trust but verify: accountability for network services
Aydan R. Yumerefendi, Jeffrey S. Chase
September 2004 		
EW 11: Proceedings of the 11th workshop on ACM SIGOPS European workshop
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (132.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 271,    Citation Count: 14

This paper promotes accountability as a central design goal for dependable networked systems. We define three properties for accountable systems that extend beyond the basic security properties of authentication, privacy, and integrity. These ...
200
	
Structure design and test of enterprise security management system with advanced internal security
Seoksoo Kim, Soongohn Kim, Geuk Lee
March 2009 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 25 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

A security system for a company network is progressing as a ESM (Enterprise Security Management) in an existing security solution foundation. The establishment of the security policy is occupying a very important area in ESM of the security system. We ...

Keywords: EMS, Firewall, IDS, Internal, Management, Security 
201
	
The UCONABC usage control model
Jaehong Park, Ravi Sandhu
February 2004 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (518.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 3364,    Citation Count: 163

In this paper, we introduce the family of UCONABC models for usage control (UCON), which integrate Authorizations (A), oBligations (B), and Conditions (C). We call these core models because they address the essence of UCON, leaving ...

Keywords: access control, digital rights management, privacy, trust, usage control
202
	
A framework for establishing trust in Cloud provenance
Imad M. Abbadi
April 2013 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 12 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Provenance is a vital requirement for the success of Clouds, and it is associated with many challenges that are difficult to deal with. In this paper, we explore this area, we identify the problems in current Cloud provenance, we identify the challenges ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Provenance framework, Trust management
203
	
Data-intensive science: The Terapixel and MODISAzure projects
Deb Agarwal, You-Wei Cheah, Dan Fay, Jonathan Fay, Dean Guo, Tony Hey, Marty Humphrey, Keith Jackson, Jie Li, Christophe Poulain, Youngryel Ryu, Catharine Van Ingen
August 2011 		
International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications , Volume 25 Issue 3
Publisher: Sage Publications, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We live in an era in which scientific discovery is increasingly driven by data exploration of massive datasets. Scientists today are envisioning diverse data analyses and computations that scale from the desktop to supercomputers, yet often have difficulty ...
Keywords: MODISAzure, Terapixel, cloud computing, data-intensive science, massive datasets
204
	
Feature: IT Security - State of the Nation
Piers Wilson
December 2002 		
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 12
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Rather than tackle one particular topic in detail, this article will consider where IT security has got to across several fronts - in some areas considerable progress has been made, systems are ''more'' secure now than a few years ago. In other areas ...
205
	
Network forensic frameworks: Survey and research challenges
Emmanuel S. Pilli, R. C. Joshi, Rajdeep Niyogi
October 2010 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 7 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Network forensics is the science that deals with capture, recording, and analysis of network traffic for detecting intrusions and investigating them. This paper makes an exhaustive survey of various network forensic frameworks proposed till date. A generic ...
Keywords: Attribution, Data fusion, Distributed systems, Honeypots, Incident response, NFATs, Network forensics, Soft computing, Traceback
206
	
Improving the Security of Storage Systems: Bahrain Case Study
Wasan Shaker Awad, Hanin Mohammed Abdullah
July 2014 		
International Journal of Mobile Computing and Multimedia Communications , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Developing security systems to protect the storage systems are needed. The main objective of this paper is to study the security of file storage server of an organization. Different kinds of security threats and a number of security techniques used to ...
Keywords: Attacks, Cyber Security, Risk Assessment, Risk Matrix, Storage Systems, Threats
207
	
An aspect-oriented implementation of e-consent to foster trust
Keshnee Padayachee, J. H. P. Eloff
October 2006 		
SAICSIT '06: Proceedings of the 2006 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (78.08 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 0

As society becomes increasingly dependent on software, there is an increasing expectation of information systems to protect the individual's right to privacy. The process of attaining electronic consent (e-Consent) may perhaps improve the trust that ...
Keywords: access control, aspect-oriented programming
208
	
Secure network provenance
Wenchao Zhou, Qiong Fei, Arjun Narayan, Andreas Haeberlen, Boon Thau Loo, Micah Sherr
October 2011 		
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.13 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 324,    Citation Count: 8

This paper introduces secure network provenance (SNP), a novel technique that enables networked systems to explain to their operators why they are in a certain state -- e.g., why a suspicious routing table entry is present on a certain ...
Keywords: Byzantine faults, accountability, distributed systems, evidence, provenance, security
209
	
Continuous Tamper-Proof Logging Using TPM 2.0
Arunesh Sinha, Limin Jia, Paul England, Jacob R. Lorch
June 2014 		
Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Trust and Trustworthy Computing - Volume 8564 , Volume 8564
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Auditing system logs is an important means of ensuring systems' security in situations where run-time security mechanisms are not sufficient to completely prevent potentially malicious activities. A fundamental requirement for reliable auditing is the ...
210
	
A temporal logic-based model for forensic investigation in networked system security
Slim Rekhis, Noureddine Boudriga
September 2005 		
MMM-ACNS'05: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Mathematical Methods, Models, and Architectures for Computer Network Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Research in computer and network forensic investigation has recently addressed the development of procedural guidelines, technical documents, and semi-automation tools. It has however omitted the need of formal proof. This work provides a novel approach ...
211
	
File Marshal: Automatic extraction of peer-to-peer data
Frank Adelstein, Robert A. Joyce
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Digital forensic investigators often find peer-to-peer, or file sharing, software present on the computers, or the images of the disks, that they examine. Investigators must first determine what P2P software is present and where the associated information ...
Keywords: File sharing, Forensics, LimeWire, P2P, Peer-to-peer
212
	
A Survey of Provably Secure Searchable Encryption
Christoph Bösch, Pieter Hartel, Willem Jonker, Andreas Peter
January 2015 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.07 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 86,   Downloads (12 Months): 1102,   Downloads (Overall): 1102,    Citation Count: 0

We survey the notion of provably secure searchable encryption (SE) by giving a complete and comprehensive overview of the two main SE techniques: searchable symmetric encryption (SSE) and public key encryption with keyword search (PEKS). Since the pioneering ...
Keywords: Secure data management, keyword search on encrypted data, privacy, provably secure, searchable encryption
213
	
Extended RBAC-based design and implementation for a secure data warehouse
Bhavani Thuraisingham, Murat Kantarcioglu, Srinivasan Iyer
December 2007 		
International Journal of Business Intelligence and Data Mining , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

This paper first discusses security issues for data warehousing. In particular, issues on building a secure data warehouse, secure data warehousing technologies as well as design issues are discussed. Our design of a secure data warehouse that enforces ...

Keywords: RBAC, data management, data mining, data warehousing, privacy, role based access control, security
214
	
Location privacy based on trusted computing and secure logging
Urs Hengartner
September 2008 		
SecureComm '08: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Security and privacy in communication netowrks
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (217.91 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 132,    Citation Count: 3

Many operators of cellphone networks now offer location-based services to their customers, whereby an operator often outsources service provisioning to a third-party provider. Since a person's location could reveal sensitive information about the person, ...

Keywords: location-based services, timing attacks, trusted platform module
215
	
Role prediction using electronic medical record system audits
Wen Zhang, Carl A. Gunter, David Liebovitz, Jian Tian, Bradley Malin
August 2011 		
HealthSec'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Health security and privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
216
	
WORM-SEAL: trustworthy data retention and verification for regulatory compliance
Tiancheng Li, Xiaonan Ma, Ninghui Li
September 2009 		
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As the number and scope of government regulations and rules mandating trustworthy retention of data keep growing, businesses today are facing a higher degree of regulation and accountability than ever. Existing compliance storage solutions focus on providing ...
217
	
Model-carrying code: a practical approach for safe execution of untrusted applications
R. Sekar, V.N. Venkatakrishnan, Samik Basu, Sandeep Bhatkar, Daniel C. DuVarney
December 2003 		
SOSP '03: Proceedings of the nineteenth ACM symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (301.30 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 1387,    Citation Count: 55

This paper presents a new approach called model-carrying code (MCC) for safe execution of untrusted code. At the heart of MCC is the idea that untrusted code comes equipped with a concise high-level model of its security-relevant behavior. This ...

Keywords: mobile code security, policy enforcement, sand-boxing, security policies

Also published in:
December 2003 	SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 	Volume 37 Issue 5
218
	
Efficient data structures for tamper-evident logging
Scott A. Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
August 2009 		
SSYM'09: Proceedings of the 18th conference on USENIX security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

Many real-world applications wish to collect tamperevident logs for forensic purposes. This paper considers the case of an untrusted logger, serving a number of clients who wish to store their events in the log, and kept honest by a number of auditors ...
219
	
Shedding light on log correlation in network forensics analysis
Elias Raftopoulos, Matthias Egli, Xenofontas Dimitropoulos
July 2012 		
DIMVA'12: Proceedings of the 9th international conference on Detection of Intrusions and Malware, and Vulnerability Assessment
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Presently, forensics analyses of security incidents rely largely on manual, ad-hoc, and very time-consuming processes. A security analyst needs to manually correlate evidence from diverse security logs with expertise on suspected malware and background ...
Keywords: IDS, infections, malware, network forensics
220
	
Electronic Evidence and the Law
Scott M. Giordano
June 2004 		
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Today, documents and data are likely to be encountered in electronic form. This creates a challenge for the legal system since its rules of evidence evolved to deal with tangible (“physical”) evidence. Digital evidence differs from tangible ...

Keywords: admissibility, authentication, evidence, hearsay, reliability 
221
	
A portable interceptor mechanism for SOAP frameworks
Chien-Cheng Lin, Chen-Liang Fang, Deron Liang
November 2013 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

An interceptor is a generic architecture pattern, and has been used to resolve specific issues in a number of application domains. Many standard platforms such as CORBA also provide interception interfaces so that an interceptor developed for a specific ...
Keywords: ISO/IEC 9126, Portable interceptor mechanism, SOAP framework, Web Service
222
	
Seeking activity: on the trail of users in open and community source frameworks
Owen G. McGrath
October 2007 		
SIGUCCS '07: Proceedings of the 35th annual ACM SIGUCCS fall conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (300.16 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 390,    Citation Count: 5

Usage data captured and logged by computers has long been an essential source of information for software developers, support services personnel, usability designers, and learning researchers [1, 2]. Whether from mainframes, file servers, network devices, ...
Keywords: data mining, data visualization, higher education, log analytics, open and community source, usage patterns
223
	
From the Editorial Board: Research summary
February 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
224
	
Feature: Learning to love SIEM
Steve Jenkins
April 2011 		
Network Security , Volume 2011 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In the 1964 motion picture, Dr Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb, a paranoid general played by Sterling Hayden is able to hack into a system and initiate a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union without the knowledge of his ...
225
	
Budget-aware Role Based Access Control
Farzad Salim, Jason Reid, Uwe Dulleck, Ed Dawson
June 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 35
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The suitability of Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is being challenged in dynamic environments like healthcare. In an RBAC system, a user's legitimate access may be denied if their need has not been anticipated by the security administrator at the time ...
Keywords: Economics of Information security, Insider problem, Misaligned incentives, Price discrimination, Role Based Access Control
226
	
Citizens Collaboration and Co-Creation in Public Service Delivery: The COCKPIT Project
Sotirios Koussouris, Panagiotis Kokkinakos, Dimitrios Panopoulos, Dimitrios Askounis, Antonis Ramfos, Christos Georgousopoulos, Erik Wittern
July 2012 		
International Journal of Electronic Government Research , Volume 8 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Governments are striving to deliver more efficient and effective public services in order to achieve better public service quality, with reduced waiting times, improved cost effectiveness, higher productivity and more transparency. It's an issue of doing ...
Keywords: Citizens Collaboration, Open Innovation, Policy Modelling, Public Service Co-Creation, eGovernance
227
	
Introducing privacy in a hospital information system
Stefano Braghin, Alberto Coen-Porisini, Pietro Colombo, Sabrina Sicari, Alberto Trombetta
May 2008 		
SESS '08: Proceedings of the fourth international workshop on Software engineering for secure systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (584.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 922,    Citation Count:

Security and privacy issues in healthcare data management play a fundamental role in the widespread adoption of medical information systems. As a consequence, it is very important to define the right means for expressing and managing policies in order ...
Keywords: conceptual models, hospital information system, privacy policies, software engineering applications
228
	
IT-Forensic automotive investigations on the example of route reconstruction on automotive system and communication data
Tobias Hoppe, Sven Kuhlmann, Stefan Kiltz, Jana Dittmann
September 2012 		
SAFECOMP'12: Proceedings of the 31st international conference on Computer Safety, Reliability, and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As more and more complex IT systems, modern automobiles increasingly bare safety and security risks --- and have a growing relevance as sources of potentially valuable traces or evidence. But existing procedures and tools, which have proven so far in ...
Keywords: automotive IT forensics, automotive security and safety interplay, forensic process models, investigation and treatment of safety/security incidents
229
	
Flocks: distributed proxies for browsing privacy
Martin S. Olivier
October 2004 		
SAICSIT '04: Proceedings of the 2004 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (110.65 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 2,   Downloads (Overall): 259,    Citation Count: 3

This paper introduces a Privacy-Enhancing Technology (PET) based on a hybrid of Crowds and anonymising proxies. The PET--referred to as Flocks --operates by establishing a number of Web proxies and letting these proxies randomly forward requests to other ...
Keywords: management, personal privacy, privacy architecture, privacy-enhancing technologies, reliability, security
230
	
Case study: Network intrusion investigation - lessons in forensic preparation
Eoghan Casey
December 2005 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Investigations of network security breaches are both complex and costly. Even a moderate amount of forensic preparation in an organization can mitigate the impact of a major incident and can enable the organization to obtain restitution. A case study ...
Keywords: Attribution, Computer intrusion, Forensic computing, Forensic preparation, Forensic readiness, Incident handling, Incident response, Network forensics, Rootkit, Tracking intruders
231
	
Warehousing and mining Web logs
Karuna P. Joshi, Anupam Joshi, Yelena Yesha, Raghu Krishnapuram
November 1999 		
WIDM '99: Proceedings of the 2nd international workshop on Web information and data management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.66 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 1967,    Citation Count: 11

Analyzing Web Logs for usage and access trends can not only provide important information to web site developers and administrators, but also help in creating adaptive web sites. While there are many existing tools that generate fixed reports from web ...

Keywords: Web logs, Web mining, ad hoc analysis, clustering, user interface
232
	
A tag-based data model for privacy-preserving medical applications
Surya Nepal, John Zic, Frederic Jaccard, Gregoire Kraehenbuehl
March 2006 		
EDBT'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Current Trends in Database Technology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In autonomous distributed healthcare environments, patients' electronic medical records are controlled and managed by each healthcare facility. It is important to ensure that when records are accessed and transferred that it is done securely, while ...
233
	
Practical authenticated pattern matching with optimal proof size
Dimitrios Papadopoulos, Charalampos Papamanthou, Roberto Tamassia, Nikos Triandopoulos
February 2015 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 8 Issue 7
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (616.03 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 20,    Citation Count: 0

We address the problem of authenticating pattern matching queries over textual data that is outsourced to an untrusted cloud server. By employing cryptographic accumulators in a novel optimal integrity-checking tool built directly over a suffix tree, ...
234
	
Tappan Zee (north) bridge: mining memory accesses for introspection
Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Tim Leek, Josh Hodosh, Wenke Lee
November 2013 		
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.19 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 271,    Citation Count: 1

The ability to introspect into the behavior of software at runtime is crucial for many security-related tasks, such as virtual machine-based intrusion detection and low-artifact malware analysis. Although some progress has been made in this task by automatically ...
Keywords: active monitoring, introspection, reverse engineering
235
	
Super-efficient aggregating history-independent persistent authenticated dictionaries
Scott A. Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
September 2009 		
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Authenticated dictionaries allow users to send lookup requests to an untrusted server and get authenticated answers. Persistent authenticated dictionaries (PADs) add queries against historical versions. We consider a variety of different trust models ...
236
	
Securing digital signatures for non-repudiation
J. Zhou, K. Y. Lam
May 1999 		
Computer Communications , Volume 22 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

Dispute of transactions is a common problem that could jeopardise business. Hence non-repudiation services are essential in business transactions which provide evidence to enable dispute resolution. To be eligible as non-repudiation evidence, the digital ...
Keywords: Digital signature, Non-repudiation, Secure electronic commerce
237
	
Threats to privacy in the forensic analysis of database systems
Patrick Stahlberg, Gerome Miklau, Brian Neil Levine
June 2007 		
SIGMOD '07: Proceedings of the 2007 ACM SIGMOD international conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (457.59 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 1962,    Citation Count: 13

The use of any modern computer system leaves unintended traces of expired data and remnants of users' past activities. In this paper, we investigate the unintended persistence of data stored in database systems. This data can be recovered by forensic ...
Keywords: forensics, privacy, transparency
238
	
Log Management: Turning log files into a security asset
Donal Casey
February 2008 		
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Despite most businesses having a range of devices which create log files of user and system activity, few actually analyse the logs for information. As the internet becomes an integral part of the way we live and work, the number of logs generated and ...
239
	
Agent-based accountable grid computing systems
Wonjun Lee, Anna Squicciarini, Elisa Bertino
August 2013 		
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 65 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Accountability is an important aspect of any computer system. It assures that every action executed in the system can be traced back to some entity. Accountability is even more crucial for assuring the safety and security of grid systems, given the very ...
Keywords: Accountability, Agents, Distributed denial of service attack, Grid computing
240
	
CAPRI: a tool for mining complex line patterns in large log data
Farhana Zulkernine, Patrick Martin, Wendy Powley, Sima Soltani, Serge Mankovskii, Mark Addleman
August 2013 		
BigMine '13: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Big Data, Streams and Heterogeneous Source Mining: Algorithms, Systems, Programming Models and Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (777.74 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 68,   Downloads (Overall): 163,    Citation Count: 0

Log files provide important information for troubleshooting complex systems. However, the structure and contents of the log data and messages vary widely. For automated processing, it is necessary to first understand the layout and the structure of the ...
Keywords: association rule, line, term, type-casting, value pattern mining 
241
	
Telepathwords: preventing weak passwords by reading users' minds
Saranga Komanduri, Richard Shay, Lorrie Faith Cranor, Cormac Herley, Stuart Schechter
August 2014 		
SEC'14: Proceedings of the 23rd USENIX conference on Security Symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

To discourage the creation of predictable passwords, vulnerable to guessing attacks, we present Telepathwords. As a user creates a password, Telepathwords makes realtime predictions for the next character that user will type. While the concept is simple, ...
242
	
Integrating web conceptual modeling and web usage mining
Rosa Meo, Pier Luca Lanzi, Maristella Matera, Roberto Esposito
August 2004 		
WebKDD'04: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Knowledge Discovery on the Web: advances in Web Mining and Web Usage Analysis
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

We present a case study about the application of the inductive database approach to the analysis of Web logs. We consider rich XML Web logs – called conceptual logs – that are generated by Web applications designed with the WebML conceptual ...
Keywords: MINE RULE, association rules, inductive databases, web log, web structure mining, web usage mining
243
	
Dustminer: troubleshooting interactive complexity bugs in sensor networks
Mohammad Maifi Hasan Khan, Hieu Khac Le, Hossein Ahmadi, Tarek F. Abdelzaher, Jiawei Han
November 2008 		
SenSys '08: Proceedings of the 6th ACM conference on Embedded network sensor systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (791.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 474,    Citation Count: 29

This paper presents a tool for uncovering bugs due to interactive complexity in networked sensing applications. Such bugs are not localized to one component that is faulty, but rather result from complex and unexpected interactions between multiple often ...

Keywords: distributed automated debugging, protocol debugging, wireless sensor networks
244
	
Access control for smarter healthcare using policy spaces
Claudio A. Ardagna, Sabrina De Capitani Di Vimercati, Sara Foresti, Tyrone W. Grandison, Sushil Jajodia, Pierangela Samarati
November 2010 		
Computers and Security , Volume 29 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

A fundamental requirement for the healthcare industry is that the delivery of care comes first and nothing should interfere with it. As a consequence, the access control mechanisms used in healthcare to regulate and restrict the disclosure of data are ...
Keywords: Access control, Break the glass, Exceptions, Healthcare systems, Policy spaces
245
	
A new concentric-circle visualization of multi-dimensional data and its application in network security
Liang Fu Lu, Jia Wan Zhang, Mao Lin Huang, Lei Fu
August 2010 		
Journal of Visual Languages and Computing , Volume 21 Issue 4
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

With the rapid growth of networked data communications in size and complexity, network administrators today are facing more challenges to protect their networked computers and devices from all kinds of attacks. This paper proposes a new concentric-circle ...
Keywords: Concentric-circle coordinate, Crossing reduction, Multi-dimensional data visualization, Network intrusion detection, Network visualization, Polycurve, Security visualization
246
	
Integrating intrusion alert information to aid forensic explanation: An analytical intrusion detection framework for distributive IDS
Bon K. Sy
October 2009 		
Information Fusion , Volume 10 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The objective of this research is to show an analytical intrusion detection framework (AIDF) comprised of (i) a probability model discovery approach, and (ii) a probabilistic inference mechanism for generating the most probable forensic explanation based ...

Keywords: Forensic analysis, Intrusion detection, Model discovery, Probabilistic inference
247
	
Visualizing graph dynamics and similarity for enterprise network security and management
Qi Liao, Aaron Striegel, Nitesh Chawla
September 2010 		
VizSec '10: Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.67 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 583,    Citation Count: 3

Managing complex enterprise networks requires an understanding at a finer granularity than traditional network monitoring. The ability to correlate and visualize the dynamics and inter-relationships among various network components such as hosts, users, ...
Keywords: enterprise networks, graphs, local context, policy assessment, security, visual graph data mining, visualization
248
	
Providing process origin information to aid in computer forensic investigations
Florian P. Buchholz, Clay Shields
September 2004 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 12 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The number of computer attacks has been growing dramatically as the Internet has grown. Attackers currently have little or no disincentive to conducting attacks because they are able to hide their location effectively by creating a chain of connections ...
249
	
Large-scale collection and sanitization of network security data: risks and challenges
Phillip Porras, Vitaly Shmatikov
September 2006 		
NSPW '06: Proceedings of the 2006 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (153.57 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 922,    Citation Count: 8

Over the last several years, there has been an emerging interest in the development of wide-area data collection and analysis centers to help identify, track, and formulate responses to the ever-growing number of coordinated attacks and malware infections ...
250
	
TrendsSummary: a platform for retrieving and summarizing trendy multimedia contents
Daehoon Kim, Daeyong Kim, Sanghoon Jun, Seungmin Rho, Eenjun Hwang
November 2014 		
Multimedia Tools and Applications , Volume 73 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

With the flood and popularity of various multimedia contents on the Internet, searching for appropriate contents and representing them effectively has become an essential part for user satisfaction. So far, many contents recommendation systems have been ...
Keywords: Multimedia contents recommendation, Naïve Bayes classifier, Summarization, TreeMap, Trends, Twitter
251
	
A decision methodology for managing operational efficiency and information disclosure risk in healthcare processes
Xue Bai, Ram Gopal, Manuel Nunez, Dmitry Zhdanov
January 2014 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 57
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper addresses two critical challenges faced by healthcare organizations: significant personnel shortages and mandates to safeguard patient safety and information security. We develop a two-stage decision making methodology to optimize the healthcare ...
Keywords: Control, Healthcare processes, Information disclosure, Optimization, Risk, Workflow efficiency
252
	
Game design principles for engaging cooperative play: core mechanics and interfaces for non-mimetic simulation of fire emergency response
Zachary O. Toups, Andruid Kerne, William Hamilton
August 2009 		
Sandbox '09: Proceedings of the 2009 ACM SIGGRAPH Symposium on Video Games
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (445.21 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 413,    Citation Count: 5

Core mechanics are the activities that players repeat to play a game, the central aspects of play constrained by rules. Interfaces mediate play experiences, impacting engagement with core mechanics. We design core mechanics for gathering, integrating, ...

Keywords: communication, cooperation, coordination, core mechanics, emergency response, interface design, work practice
253
	
Using webcasts to teach computer security
Charles E. Frank
December 2012 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 28 Issue 2
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (29.00 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 117,    Citation Count: 0

Computer security classes can be enhanced by listening to or viewing webcasts. Through webcasts students can learn about current security trends from experts. This paper discusses of variety of sources of webcasts and how they can be used to spice up ...
254
	
Nysiad: practical protocol transformation to tolerate Byzantine failures
Chi Ho, Robbert van Renesse, Mark Bickford, Danny Dolev
April 2008 		
NSDI'08: Proceedings of the 5th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

The paper presents and evaluates Nysiad, a system that implements a new technique for transforming a scalable distributed system or network protocol tolerant only of crash failures into one that tolerates arbitrary failures, including such failures as ...
255
	
Collaborative multi-agent rock facies classification from wireline well log data
Christopher M. Gifford, Arvin Agah
October 2010 		
Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence , Volume 23 Issue 7
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Gas and oil reservoirs have been the focus of modeling efforts for decades as an attempt to locate zones with high volumes. Certain subsurface layers and layer sequences, such as those containing shale, are known to be impermeable to gas and/or liquid. ...
Keywords: Applied artificial intelligence, Collaborative learning, Multi-agent systems, Rock classification, Well logs
256
	
Preservation-awareness in collaborative engineering
Dominic Heutelbeck, Jens Grabarske
January 2014 		
Computers in Industry , Volume 65 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In design and engineering, it is important to preserve more than the actual documents making up the product data. For knowledge-intensive industries it is of critical importance to also preserve the soft knowledge of the overall process within the product ...
Keywords: CSCW, Collaboration, Digital preservation, Product life cycle, Social networks, Workflow capturing
257
	
Preference-based cloud service recommendation as a brokerage service
Ioannis Patiniotakis, Yiannis Verginadis, Gregoris Mentzas
December 2014 		
CCB '14: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on CrossCloud Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 51,    Citation Count: 0

As the multitude and complexity of cloud services increases, the role of cloud brokers in the cloud service ecosystems becomes increasingly important. In particular, the lack of standard mechanisms that allow for the comparison of cloud service specifications ...
Keywords: MCDM, cloud service broker, optimisation, service ranking
258
	
Automatic high-performance reconstruction and recovery
Ashvin Goel, Wu-chang Feng, Wu-chi Feng, David Maier
April 2007 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 51 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Self-protecting systems require the ability to instantaneously detect malicious activity at run-time and prevent execution. We argue that it is impossible to perfectly self-protect systems without false positives due to the limited amount of information ...
Keywords: Auditing, Computer forensics, Operating systems, Self-healing computers
259
	
A real-time intrusion prevention system for commercial enterprise databases
Ulf Mattsson
February 2005 		
SEPADS'05: Proceedings of the 4th WSEAS International Conference on Software Engineering, Parallel & Distributed Systems
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Modern intrusion detection systems are comprised of three basically different approaches, host based, network based, and a third relatively recent addition called procedural based detection. The first two have been extremely popular in the commercial ...

Keywords: GLBA, HIPAA, VISA CISP, database security, encryption, intrusion tolerance, isolation
260
	
Measures of retaining digital evidence to prosecute computer-based cyber-crimes
Shiuh-Jeng Wang
February 2007 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 29 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

With the rapid growth of computer and network systems in recent years, there has also been a corresponding increase in cyber-crime. Cyber-crime takes many forms and has garnered much attention in the media, making information security a more urgent and ...

Keywords: Computer forensics, Cyber-crime, Digital evidence, Investigation 
261
	
Design and implementation of FROST: Digital forensic tools for the OpenStack cloud computing platform
Josiah Dykstra, Alan T. Sherman
August 2013 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe the design, implementation, and evaluation of FROST-three new forensic tools for the OpenStack cloud platform. Our implementation for the OpenStack cloud platform supports an Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) cloud and provides trustworthy ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Cloud forensics, Digital forensics, FROST, OpenStack
262
	
Analysis of Search and Browsing Behavior of Young Users on the Web
Sergio Duarte Torres, Ingmar Weber, Djoerd Hiemstra
March 2014 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 8 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (9.17 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 438,   Downloads (Overall): 642,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet is increasingly used by young children for all kinds of purposes. Nonetheless, there are not many resources especially designed for children on the Internet and most of the content online is designed for grown-up users. This situation is ...
Keywords: Children, Web search, Yahoo! Answers, Yahoo! Search, adults, browsing behavior, query logs, search behavior, session analysis, toolbar logs, topic classification, young adults
263
	
Security Views - Malware Update
March 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
264
	
Cloud storage forensics: ownCloud as a case study
Ben Martini, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
December 2013 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The storage as a service (StaaS) cloud computing architecture is showing significant growth as users adopt the capability to store data in the cloud environment across a range of devices. Cloud (storage) forensics has recently emerged as a salient area ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage forensics, Digital forensics, Open source cloud, Private cloud, SaaS, StaaS, Storage as a service
265
	
Hi-Fi: collecting high-fidelity whole-system provenance
Devin J. Pohly, Stephen McLaughlin, Patrick McDaniel, Kevin Butler
December 2012 		
ACSAC '12: Proceedings of the 28th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (150.63 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 99,    Citation Count: 2

Data provenance---a record of the origin and evolution of data in a system---is a useful tool for forensic analysis. However, existing provenance collection mechanisms fail to achieve sufficient breadth or fidelity to provide a holistic view of a system's ...
Keywords: data provenance, forensics, malware, reference monitor
266
	
The TClouds platform: concept, architecture and instantiations
Alysson Bessani, Leucio A. Cutillo, Gianluca Ramunno, Norbert Schirmer, Paolo Smiraglia
September 2013 		
DISCCO '13: Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Dependability Issues in Cloud Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (689.87 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 56,   Downloads (Overall): 172,    Citation Count: 0

TClouds is a EU project targeted at improving the security and the high-availability of the cloud infrastructures and services, especially for supporting critical applications. This paper presents the TClouds platform, the main outcome of the project, ...
267
	
Trail of bytes: efficient support for forensic analysis
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
October 2010 		
CCS '10: Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (905.37 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 1008,    Citation Count: 11

For the most part, forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast ...
Keywords: audit, forensics, provenance, virtualization
268
	
Offline count-limited certificates
Luis F. G. Sarmenta, Marten van Dijk, Jonathan Rhodes, Srinivas Devadas
March 2008 		
SAC '08: Proceedings of the 2008 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (202.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 168,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we present the idea of offline count-limited certificates (or clics for short), and show how these can be implemented using minimal trusted hardware functionality already widely available today. Offline count-limited ...
Keywords: authentication, offline payments, smartcards, trusted platform module (TPM)
269
	
Human perspective to anomaly detection for cybersecurity
Song Chen, Vandana P. Janeja
February 2014 		
Journal of Intelligent Information Systems , Volume 42 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Traditionally signature-based network Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) rely on inputs from domain experts and can only identify the attacks if they occur as individual event. IDS generate large number of alerts and it becomes very difficult for human ...
Keywords: Cybersecurity, Data mining, Human factors, Pattern discovery
270
	
Mining large distributed log data in near real time
Stefan Weigert, Matti Hiltunen, Christof Fetzer
October 2011 		
SLAML '11: Managing Large-scale Systems via the Analysis of System Logs and the Application of Machine Learning Techniques
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.60 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count: 1

Analyzing huge amounts of log data is often a difficult task, especially if it has to be done in real time (e.g., fraud detection) or when large amounts of stored data are required for the analysis. Graphs are a data structure often used in log analysis. ...
Keywords: COI, distributed graphs, log processing
271
	
Restricted queries over an encrypted index with applications to regulatory compliance
Nikita Borisov, Soumyadeb Mitra
June 2008 		
ACNS'08: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Applied cryptography and network security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Compliance storage is an increasingly important area for businesses faced with a myriad of new document retention regulations. Today, businesses have turned to Write-One Read Many (WORM) storage technology to achieve compliance. But WORM answers only ...
272
	
Continuous auditing technologies and models: A discussion
S. Flowerday, A. W. Blundell, R. Von Solms
July 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the age of real-time accounting and real-time communication current audit practices, while effective, often provide audit results long after fraud and/or errors have occurred. Real-time assurances can assist in preventing intentional or unintentional ...
Keywords: Continuous auditing, Information integrity, Internal controls, Real-time assurances, Technology-based prevention
273
	
Semantic Search on Unstructured Data: Explicit Knowledge through Data Recycling
François Bry, Alex Kohn, Alexander Manta
April 2010 		
International Journal on Semantic Web & Information Systems , Volume 6 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Studies agree that searchers are often not satisfied with the performance of current enterprise search engines. As a consequence, more scientists worldwide are actively investigating new avenues for searching to improve retrieval performance. This paper ...
Keywords: Empirical System Evaluation, Enterprise Information Systems, Information Extraction, Information Search and Retrieval, Semantic Technologies
274
	
Survey and research direction on online game security
Jiyoung Woo, Huy Kang Kim
November 2012 		
WASA '12: Proceedings of the Workshop at SIGGRAPH Asia
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (642.99 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count: 0

Online game security is a newly emerging research area that is attracting considerable attention with the growth of the online game industry. There is an increasing need for online game service providers to detect and prevent the various threats associated ...
Keywords: countermeasure, game bot, gold farming, massive multi-user online role playing game (MMORPG), online game security
275
	
Leveraging behavioral science to mitigate cyber security risk
Shari Lawrence Pfleeger, Deanna D. Caputo
June 2012 		
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Most efforts to improve cyber security focus primarily on incorporating new technological approaches in products and processes. However, a key element of improvement involves acknowledging the importance of human behavior when designing, building and ...
Keywords: Bias, Cognitive load, Cyber security, Health models, Heuristics, Risk communication
276
	
End-to-end framework for fault management for open source clusters: Ranger
John L. Hammond, Tommy Minyard, Jim Browne
August 2010 		
TG '10: Proceedings of the 2010 TeraGrid Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (270.86 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 150,    Citation Count:

The scale and complexity of both hardware and software on large open source software systems such as Ranger make occurrence of faults and failures inevitable. What is not inevitable is that they should be allowed to go undetected, nor that diagnosis ...
Keywords: fault/failure diagnosis and management, message log analysis, message logging, online monitoring
277
	
An industrial case study of performance and cost design space exploration
Thijmen de Gooijer, Anton Jansen, Heiko Koziolek, Anne Koziolek
April 2012 		
ICPE '12: Proceedings of the 3rd ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.91 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 204,    Citation Count: 8

Determining the trade-off between performance and costs of a distributed software system is important as it enables fulfilling performance requirements in a cost-efficient way. The large amount of design alternatives for such systems often leads software ...
Keywords: industrial case study, performance modeling, software architecture
278
	
Sensor tricorder: what does that sensor know about me?
Gabriel Maganis, Jaeyeon Jung, Tadayoshi Kohno, Anmol Sheth, David Wetherall
March 2011 		
HotMobile '11: Proceedings of the 12th Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems and Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (283.73 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 128,    Citation Count:

As rich sensing applications become pervasive, people increasingly find themselves with limited ability to determine what sensor data the applications are collecting about them and how the applications are using the sensor data. Openness and transparency ...
279
	
Reconstruction of falsified computer logs for digital forensics investigations
Maolin Tang, Colin Fidge
January 2010 		
AISC '10: Proceedings of the Eighth Australasian Conference on Information Security - Volume 105 , Volume 105
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (376.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count:

Digital forensics investigations aim to find evidence that helps confirm or disprove a hypothesis about an alleged computer-based crime. However, the ease with which computer-literate criminals can falsify computer event logs makes the prosecutor's job ...
Keywords: computer logs, digital forensics, event correlation algorithms
280
	
Model-driven development of multidimensional models from web log files
Paul Hernández, Irene Garrigós, Jose-Norberto Mazón
November 2010 		
ER'10: Proceedings of the 2010 international conference on Advances in conceptual modeling: applications and challenges
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Analyzing Web log data is important in order to study the usage of a website. Even though some approaches propose data warehousing techniques for structuring the Web log data into a multidimensional model, they present two main drawbacks: (i) they are ... 
281
	
Contractual barriers to transparency in electronic voting
Joseph Lorenzo Hall
August 2007 		
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We analyze a data set of 55 contracts between state and local election jurisdictions and voting system vendors for transparency-inhibiting terms and provisions. We discuss the advantages and disadvantages of certain provisions and make recommendations ...
282
	
Safe side effects commitment for OS-level virtualization
Zhiyong Shan, Xin Wang, Tzi-cker Chiueh, Xiaofeng Meng
June 2011 		
ICAC '11: Proceedings of the 8th ACM international conference on Autonomic computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (592.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 172,    Citation Count:

A common application of virtual machines (VM) is to use and then throw away, basically treating a VM like a completely isolated and disposable entity. The disadvantage of this approach is that if there is no malicious activity, the user has to re-do ...
Keywords: malware, virtual machine, virtual machine commitment
283
	
Security Analysis of the Estonian Internet Voting System
Drew Springall, Travis Finkenauer, Zakir Durumeric, Jason Kitcat, Harri Hursti, Margaret MacAlpine, J. Alex Halderman
November 2014 		
CCS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (4.35 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 314,   Downloads (Overall): 314,    Citation Count: 2

Estonia was the first country in the world to use Internet voting nationally, and today more than 30% of its ballots are cast online. In this paper, we analyze the security of the Estonian I-voting system based on a combination of in-person election ...
Keywords: attacks, case studies, estonia, internet voting, security, security analysis, voting, vulnerabilities
284
	
Eidetic systems
David Devecsery, Michael Chow, Xianzheng Dou, Jason Flinn, Peter M. Chen
October 2014 		
OSDI'14: Proceedings of the 11th USENIX conference on Operating Systems Design and Implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The vast majority of state produced by a typical computer is generated, consumed, then lost forever. We argue that a computer system should instead provide the ability to recall any past state that existed on the computer, and further, that it should ...
285
	
Analyzing repetitive action in game based on sequence pattern matching
Shin Jin Kang, Young Bin Kim, Soo Kyun Kim
September 2014 		
Journal of Real-Time Image Processing , Volume 9 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As games become more popular, procedures which can support the analysis and understanding of players' behaviors are necessary for success of commercial games. This paper presents a log-based usability evaluation system to analyze user behavior in a gaming ...
Keywords: Log data analysis, Mouse tracking, Usability evaluation
286
	
Intelligent Clustering Scheme for Log Data Streams
Basanta Joshi, Umanga Bista, Manoj Ghimire
April 2014 		
CICLing 2014: Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Computational Linguistics and Intelligent Text Processing - Volume 8404 , Volume 8404
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Mining patterns from the log messages is valuable for real-time analysis and detecting faults, anomaly and security threats. A data-streaming algorithm with an efficient pattern finding approach is more practical way to classify these ubiquitous logs. ...
Keywords: event log mining, local sensitive hashing, log clustering, similarity search, sketching
287
	
An Algorithm for Building User-Role Profiles in a Trust Environment
Evimaria Terzi, Yuhui Zhong, Bharat K. Bhargava, Pankaj, Sanjay Kumar Madria
September 2002 		
DaWaK 2000: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Data Warehousing and Knowledge Discovery
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

A good direction towards building secure systems that operate efficiently in large-scale environments (like the World Wide Web) is the deployment of Role Based Access Control Methods (RBAC). RBAC architectures do not deal with each user separately, but ...
288
	
PRISM: privacy-preserving search in mapreduce
Erik-Oliver Blass, Roberto Di Pietro, Refik Molva, Melek Önen
July 2012 		
PETS'12: Proceedings of the 12th international conference on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

We present PRISM, a privacy-preserving scheme for word search in cloud computing. In the face of a curious cloud provider, the main challenge is to design a scheme that achieves privacy while preserving the efficiency of cloud computing. Solutions from ...
289
	
Enforcing Policies: Enforcing information security: architecture and responsibilities
Steven J. Ross
February 2008 		
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

True information security - the actual, demonstrable and continuous protection of information resources - exists within an organisation at the intersection of the ideal and the possible. Information security policies and standards express management's ...
290
	
VoteBox: a tamper-evident, verifiable electronic voting system
Daniel Sandler, Kyle Derr, Dan S. Wallach
July 2008 		
SS'08: Proceedings of the 17th conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 19

Commercial electronic voting systems have experienced many high-profile software, hardware, and usability failures in real elections. While it is tempting to abandon electronic voting altogether, we show how a careful application of distributed systems ...
291
	
On the exploitation of process mining for security audits: the process discovery case
Rafael Accorsi, Thomas Stocker, Günter Müller
March 2013 		
SAC '13: Proceedings of the 28th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (622.44 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 98,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count: 0

This paper reports on the potential of process mining as a basis for security audits of business process and corresponding business process management systems. In particular, it focuses on process discovery as a means to reconstruct process-related structures ...
Keywords: business process, process discovery, process mining, security audit
292
	
Web personalization based on usage mining
Sharhida Zawani Saad
September 2009 		
FDIA'09: Proceedings of the Third BCS-IRSG conference on Future Directions in Information Access
Publisher: British Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Personalized or recommender systems are a particular type of information filtering applications. User profiles, representing the information needs and preferences of users, can be inferred from log or clickthrough data, or the ratings that users provide ...
Keywords: adaptive web sites, personalization, recommender systems, web usage mining
293
	
Tree-formed verification data for trusted platforms
Andreas U. Schmidt, Andreas Leicher, Andreas Brett, Yogendra Shah, Inhyok Cha
February 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 32
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The establishment of trust relationships to a computing platform relies on validation processes. Validation allows an external entity to build trust in the expected behaviour of the platform based on provided evidence of the platform's configuration. ...
Keywords: Hash tree, Measurement log, Remote attestation, Trusted platform, Validation, Verification data
294
	
Direct answers for search queries in the long tail
Michael S. Bernstein, Jaime Teevan, Susan Dumais, Daniel Liebling, Eric Horvitz
May 2012 		
CHI '12: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.48 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 79,   Downloads (Overall): 708,    Citation Count: 15

Web search engines now offer more than ranked results. Queries on topics like weather, definitions, and movies may return inline results called answers that can resolve a searcher's information need without any additional interaction. Despite the usefulness ...
Keywords: crowdsourcing, query log analysis, search user interfaces
295
	
Keeping track of 70,000+ servers: the akamai query system
Jeff Cohen, Thomas Repantis, Sean McDermott, Scott Smith, Joel Wein
November 2010 		
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Akamai platformis a network of over 73,000 servers supporting numerous web infrastructure services including the distribution of static and dynamic HTTP content, delivery of live and on-demand streaming media, high-availability storage, accelerated ...
296
	
A novel mobile device user interface with integrated social networking services
Yanqing Cui, Mikko Honkala
September 2013 		
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 71 Issue 9
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Modern mobile devices support accessing Web-based social networking services from the user interface (UI) of Web browsers, applications, and mobile widgets. While effectively accessing these services, people may find it tedious to switch between multiple ...
Keywords: Automatic filtering, Hypertext navigation, Mobile Web, Social networking services, User experience
297
	
On tracker attacks in health grids
Andrew Simpson, David Power, Mark Slaymaker
April 2006 		
SAC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (246.68 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 614,    Citation Count: 4

The utilisation of grid computing to support healthcare research is becoming increasingly widespread, as is the use of IT to support healthcare delivery. Furthermore, it seems that the two areas are on an inevitable convergence path as clinical ...
Keywords: inference control, medical databases
298
	
A user-centric federated single sign-on system
Suriadi Suriadi, Ernest Foo, Audun Jøsang
March 2009 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 32 Issue 2
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Current identity management systems are not concerned with user privacy. Users must assume that identity providers and service providers will ensure their privacy, which is not always the case. This paper proposes an extension of the existing federated ...

Keywords: Identity management, Privacy, Private credential, Single sign-on, User-centric
299
	
Scantegrity III: automatic trustworthy receipts, highlighting over/under votes, and full voter verifiability
Alan T. Sherman, Russell A. Fink, Richard Carback, David Chaum
August 2011 		
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Building on lessons learned from the November 2009 Scantegrity II election in Takoma Park, MD, we propose improvements to the Scantegrity II voting system that (1) automatically print trustworthy receipts for easier on-line verification, (2) highlight ...
Keywords: applied cryptography, end-to-end (E2E) election systems, print audit, punchscan and scantegrity voting systems, receipt printers, security engineering, trusted platform module (TPM), trustworthy computing
300
	
On identity assurance in the presence of federated identity management systems
Yolanta Beres, Adrian Baldwin, Marco Casassa Mont, Simon Shiu
November 2007 		
DIM '07: Proceedings of the 2007 ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (380.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 952,    Citation Count:

In this paper we address the appropriate management of risk in federated identity management systems by presenting an identity assurance framework and supporting technologies. We start by discussing the risk mitigation framework that should be part of ...
Keywords: assurance, audit, control, identity, models, risk 
301
	
Website privacy preservation for query log publishing
Barbara Poblete, Myra Spiliopoulou, Ricardo Baeza-Yates
August 2007 		
PinKDD'07: Proceedings of the 1st ACM SIGKDD international conference on Privacy, security, and trust in KDD
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

In this paper we study privacy preservation for the publication of search engine query logs. We introduce a new privacy concern, website privacy as a special case of business privacy.We define the possible adversaries who could be interested in disclosing ...
302
	
Internal access controls
Geetanjali Sampemane
January 2015 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 58 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (22.44 KB),  PDFPDF (1.75 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 390,   Downloads (Overall): 390,    Citation Count: 0

Trust, but verify.
303
	
Access Control for Home Data Sharing: Attitudes, Needs and Practices
Michelle L. Mazurek, J. P. Arsenault, Joanna Bresee, Nitin Gupta, Iulia Ion, Christina Johns, Daniel Lee, Yuan Liang, Jenny Olsen, Brandon Salmon, Richard Shay, Kami Vaniea, Lujo Bauer, Lorrie Faith Cranor, Gregory R. Ganger, Michael K. Reiter
April 2010 		
CHI '10: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (367.66 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 57,   Downloads (Overall): 698,    Citation Count: 23

As digital content becomes more prevalent in the home, non-technical users are increasingly interested in sharing that content with others and accessing it from multiple devices. Not much is known about how these users think about controlling access ...
Keywords: access control, home computing, privacy, security
304
	
Two security patterns: least privilege and security logger and auditor
Eduardo B. Fernandez, Sergio Mujica, Francisca Valenzuela
October 2011 		
AsianPLoP '11: Proceedings of the 2nd Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (381.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

We present here two security patterns that describe fundamental aspects: Least Privilege-- How can we minimize misuses by the users or workers of an institution? Give the users or the executing processes of a system the rights they need ...
Keywords: security patterns, security priciples, software architecture, system security
305
	
Usable security: how to get it
Butler Lampson
November 2009 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 52 Issue 11
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (19.59 KB),  PDFPDF (1.85 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 475,   Downloads (12 Months): 2610,   Downloads (Overall): 30896,    Citation Count: 26

Why does your computer bother you so much about security, but still isn't secure? It's because users don't have a model for security, or a simple way to keep important things safe.
306
	
Policy auditing over incomplete logs: theory, implementation and applications
Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Anupam Datta
October 2011 		
CCS '11: Proceedings of the 18th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (691.44 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 367,    Citation Count: 15

We present the design, implementation and evaluation of an algorithm that checks audit logs for compliance with privacy and security policies. The algorithm, which we name reduce, addresses two fundamental challenges in compliance checking that arise ...
Keywords: audit, formal logic, incomplete logs, privacy policy
307
	
Role of an auditing and reporting service in compliance management
J. Ramanathan, R. J. Cohen, E. Plassmann, K. Ramamoorthy
April 2007 		
IBM Systems Journal , Volume 46 Issue 2
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Regulatory compliance has become a major focus in today's business environment as companies adapt to comply with regulations such as Sarbanes-Oxley, Basel II, and HIPAA (the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act). Runtime audit data that ...
308
	
The computing ontology: application in education
Lillian N. Cassel, Gordon Davies, William Fone, Anneke Hacquebard, John Impagliazzo, Richard LeBlanc, Joyce Currie Little, Andrew McGettrick, Michela Pedrona
December 2007 		
ITiCSE-WGR '07: Working group reports on ITiCSE on Innovation and technology in computer science education
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.02 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 661,    Citation Count: 8

Working Group 3 at ITiCSE 2007 continued the ongoing work of the Ontology of Computing project. The working group brought several new people into the project and addressed areas of the ontology of particular interest to these participants. In particular, ...

Keywords: computing classification, computing ontology, history, social issues, visualization

Also published in:
December 2007 	SIGCSE Bulletin 	Volume 39 Issue 4
309
	
Exemplifying Attack Identification and Analysis in a Novel Forensically Viable Syslog Model
Steena Dominica Steven Monteiro, Robert F. Erbacher
May 2008 		
SADFE '08: Proceedings of the 2008 Third International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 1,    Citation Count: 1

This research builds on our method for validating syslog entries proposed in [5]. The goal of the proposed method is to allow syslog files to be forensically viable. The goal with this phase of the work is to implement the proposed method and evaluate ...

Keywords: Digital Forensics, Syslog Authentication, Forensic Validity
310
	
Interfacing collaboration and command tools for crises management military command and control systems
Tapio Saarelainen, Jorma Jormakka
January 2010 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Available collaboration tools concentrate on uncontrolled information distribution. They represent situational awareness (SA) tools for the cooperating entities, not the required solution for traceable and sophisticated command and control tools ...
311
	
Scanner hunter: understanding HTTP scanning traffic
Guowu Xie, Huy Hang, Michalis Faloutsos
June 2014 		
ASIA CCS '14: Proceedings of the 9th ACM symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.36 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 185,   Downloads (Overall): 215,    Citation Count: 0

This paper focuses on detecting and studying HTTP scanners, which are malicious entities that explore a website selectively for "opportunities" that can potentially be used for subsequent intrusion attempts. Interestingly, there is practically no prior ...
Keywords: HTTP scanner, HTTP scanning, detection, scanning traffic, vulnerability, web security
312
	
Delegating secure logging in pervasive computing systems
Rafael Accorsi, Adolf Hohl
April 2006 		
SPC'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Security in Pervasive Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Logging is a central service in computing systems. It lays the foundation for accountability and audit services in computing systems, as well as for other accessory services. While providing logging services in traditional computing systems is a relatively ...
313
	
S2Logger: End-to-End Data Tracking Mechanism for Cloud Data Provenance
Chun Hui Suen, Ryan K. L. Ko, Yu Shyang Tan, Peter Jagadpramana, Bu Sung Lee
July 2013 		
TRUSTCOM '13: Proceedings of the 2013 12th IEEE International Conference on Trust, Security and Privacy in Computing and Communications
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The inability to effectively track data in cloud computing environments is becoming one of the top concerns for cloud stakeholders. This inability is due to two main reasons. Firstly, the lack of data tracking tools built for clouds. Secondly, current ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Cloud data provenance, data tracking, file tracking, data tracing, cloud computing security, accountability in cloud computing, cloud computing transparency, S2Logger
314
	
Privacy through Accountability: A Computer Science Perspective
Anupam Datta
February 2014 		
ICDCIT 2014: Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Distributed Computing and Internet Technology - Volume 8337 , Volume 8337
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy has become a significant concern in modern society as personal information about individuals is increasingly collected, used, and shared, often using digital technologies, by a wide range of organizations. To mitigate privacy concerns, organizations ...
315
	
Privacy in mobile technology for personal healthcare
Sasikanth Avancha, Amit Baxi, David Kotz
November 2012 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 45 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (398.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 91,   Downloads (12 Months): 1162,   Downloads (Overall): 3602,    Citation Count: 9

Information technology can improve the quality, efficiency, and cost of healthcare. In this survey, we examine the privacy requirements of mobile computing technologies that have the potential to transform healthcare. Such mHealth technology enables ...
Keywords: HIPAA, Privacy framework, e-health, electronic health record, home healthcare, mHealth, medicine, mobile healthcare, personal health record
316
	
Computer security
Carl E. Landwehr
August 2001 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A strong factor in the early development of computers was security --- the computations that motivated their development, such as decrypting intercepted messages, generating gunnery tables, and developing weapons, had military applications. But the computers ...
Keywords: Key words: Computer security --- Vulnerability --- Security principles --- Security policy --- Security mechanisms
317
	
Supporting dynamically changing authorizations in pervasive communication systems
Adam J. Lee, Jodie P. Boyer, Chris Drexelius, Prasad Naldurg, Raquel L. Hill, Roy H. Campbell
April 2005 		
SPC'05: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Security in Pervasive Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In pervasive computing environments, changes in context may trigger changes in an individual's access permissions. We contend that existing access control frameworks do not provide the fine-grained revocation needed to enforce these changing authorizations. ...
318
	
Privacy policies of personal health records: an evaluation of their effectiveness in protecting patient information
Lorenzo Martino, Suchit Ahuja
November 2010 		
IHI '10: Proceedings of the 1st ACM International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (619.87 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 124,   Downloads (Overall): 709,    Citation Count: 7

In recent years, there has been growing demand by patients for access to their own health information via tools like Personal Health Records [1]. The Markle Foundation [2] defines the Personal Health Record (PHR) as an electronic application through ...
Keywords: compliance, patient privacy, personal health record, privacy notification & controls, privacy policy, security & privacy
319
	
Information systems resources and information security
Kuo-Chung Chang, Chih-Ping Wang
September 2011 		
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Recent studies suggest that the number of information security incidents has increased dramatically and has caused significant economic loss worldwide. Awareness of the significance of information security is evidenced by a rapid increase in information ...
Keywords: IS resources, Information availability, Information confidentiality, Information integrity, Information security
320
	
Experiments in Encrypted and Searchable Network Audit Logs
Bhanu Prakash Gopularam, Sashank Dara, Nalini Niranjan
February 2015 		
EITES '15: Proceedings of the 2015 International Conference on Emerging Information Technology and Engineering Solutions
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We consider the scenario where a consumer can securely outsource their network telemetry data to a Cloud Service Provider and enable a third party to audit such telemetry for any security forensics. Especially we consider the use case of privacy preserving ...
Keywords: network telemetry, identity based encryption, audit log privacy 
321
	
Replayable voting machine audit logs
Arel Cordero, David Wagner
July 2008 		
EVT'08: Proceedings of the conference on Electronic voting technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Audit logs are an important tool for post-election investigations, in the event of an election dispute or problem. We propose a new approach to logging that is designed to provide a record of all interactions between each voter and the voting machine. ...
322
	
Establishing regulatory compliance for information system requirements: an experience report from the health care domain
Alberto Siena, Giampaolo Armellin, Gianluca Mameli, John Mylopoulos, Anna Perini, Angelo Susi
November 2010 		
ER'10: Proceedings of the 29th international conference on Conceptual modeling
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Adherence to laws and regulations imposes important constraints on organizations, for legacy and new systems, both for their design and operation. Nòmos is a framework that supports the development of compliant software systems. In this paper, we ...
323
	
Network reconnaissance, attack, and defense laboratories for an introductory cyber-security course
Sarah Standard, Raymond Greenlaw, Andrew Phillips, David Stahl, John Schultz
September 2013 		
Inroads , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (3.00 KB),  PDFPDF (6.44 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 679,   Downloads (Overall): 2703,    Citation Count: 0

Cyber-security is an area in which much curriculum development is taking place; it is important that such efforts be evaluated and shared. We describe three laboratories developed at the United States Naval Academy (USNA) for use in its fundamentals ...
Keywords: Naval Academy, cyber-security education, cyberspace policy review, hands-on laboratory exercises, information assurance, network attack, network defense, network reconnaissance
324
	
Sharing ephemeral information in online social networks: privacy perceptions and behaviours
Bernardo Reynolds, Jayant Venkatanathan, Jorge Gonçalves, Vassilis Kostakos
September 2011 		
INTERACT'11: Proceedings of the 13th IFIP TC 13 international conference on Human-computer interaction - Volume Part III , Volume Part III
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

This paper presents a study where the online Facebook practices of a sample of users (n=103) was analysed over a period of two years, via the scraping of data in Facebook and the collection of questionnaire data. The data allows for a contrast between ...
Keywords: privacy, sharing, social media
325
	
Embedding Hercule Poirot in networks: addressing inefficiencies in digital forensic investigations
Barbara Endicott-Popovsky, Deborah A. Frincke
July 2007 		
FAC'07: Proceedings of the 3rd international conference on Foundations of augmented cognition
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Forensic investigations on networks are not scalable in terms of time and money [1]. Those investigations that do occur consume months of attention from the very experts who should be investing in more productive activities, like designing and improving ...

Keywords: augmented cognition, computer crime, digital forensics, network forensics
326
	
Towards end-to-end privacy control in the outsourcing of marketing activities: a web service integration solution
Patrick C. K. Hung, Dickson K. W. Chiu, W. W. Fung, William K. Cheung, Raymond Wong, Samuel P. M. Choi, Eleanna Kafeza, James Kwok, Jousha C. C. Pun, Vivying S. Y. Cheng
August 2005 		
ICEC '05: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Electronic commerce
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (438.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 1331,    Citation Count: 0

With the recent adoption of marketing activities outsourcing, there have been increasing demands and concerns for privacy control. The traditional approach of a bulk transmission of the customers' information to a marketing company cannot meet such demands, ...
Keywords: EPAL, OWL, SOAP, UDDI, WSDL, Web service integration, need-to-know principle, privacy policies
327
	
Information security incident management: Current practice as reported in the literature
Inger Anne Tøndel, Maria B. Line, Martin Gilje Jaatun
September 2014 		
Computers and Security , Volume 45
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper reports results of a systematic literature review on current practice and experiences with incident management, covering a wide variety of organisations. Identified practices are summarised according to the incident management phases of ISO/IEC ...
Keywords: ISO/IEC 27035, Incident management, Incident response, Information security, Systematic review
328
	
Cataloging and comparing logging mechanism specifications for electronic health record systems
Jason King, Laurie Williams
August 2013 		
HealthTech'13: Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX conference on Safety, Security, Privacy and Interoperability of Health Information Technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Electronic health record (EHR) systems must log all transactions with protected health information (PHI) to deter unauthorized behavior and prevent users from denying that they created, read, updated, or deleted PHI. However, a plethora of standardization ...
329
	
Purpose control: did you process the data for the intended purpose?
Milan Petkovic, Davide Prandi, Nicola Zannone
September 2011 		
SDM'11: Proceedings of the 8th VLDB international conference on Secure data management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Data protection legislation requires personal data to be collected and processed only for lawful and legitimate purposes. Unfortunately, existing protection mechanisms are not appropriate for purpose control: they only prevent unauthorized actions from ...
330
	
Report on an Arctic summer DTN trial
Stephen Farrell, Alex Mcmahon, Eoin Meehan, Stefan Weber, Kerry Hartnett
July 2011 		
Wireless Networks , Volume 17 Issue 5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.44 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 95,    Citation Count:

Delay- and disruption-tolerant networking (DTN) is an emerging area of networking research that will benefit from real-world trials and testbeds. We describe a week long DTN trial carried out during the summer of 2009 in the Laponia area of Northern ...
Keywords: DTN, DTN testbed, Delay tolerant networking
331
	
Private resource pairing
Joseph A. Calandrino, Alfred C. Weaver
June 2006 		
PET'06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Privacy Enhancing Technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Protection of information confidentiality can result in obstruction of legitimate access to necessary resources. This paper explores the problem of pairing resource requestors and providers such that neither must sacrifice privacy. While solutions to ...
332
	
Finding the Evidence in Tamper-Evident Logs
Daniel Sandler, Kyle Derr, Scott Crosby, Dan S. Wallach
May 2008 		
SADFE '08: Proceedings of the 2008 Third International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Secure logs are powerful tools for building systems that must resist forgery, prove temporal relationships, and stand up to forensic scrutiny. The proofs of order and integrity encoded in these tamper-evident chronological records, typically built using ...

Keywords: tamper evidence, secure logs, hash chaining, predicate logic, query processing
333
	
Intrusion detection using the chi-square goodness-of-fit test for information assurance, network, forensics and software security
Rohitha Goonatilake, Ajantha Herath, Suvineetha Herath, Susantha Herath, Jayantha Herath
October 2007 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 23 Issue 1
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (211.85 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 34,   Downloads (Overall): 779,    Citation Count: 2

This paper describes a course module developed to help computer security students understand a use of the X2-, chi-square, goodness-of-fit test to detect possible intrusions. Detecting intrusions not only provides feedback to help design, ...
334
	
Keypad: an auditing file system for theft-prone devices
Roxana Geambasu, John P. John, Steven D. Gribble, Tadayoshi Kohno, Henry M. Levy
April 2011 		
EuroSys '11: Proceedings of the sixth conference on Computer systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (961.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 64,   Downloads (Overall): 473,    Citation Count: 16

This paper presents Keypad, an auditing file system for theft-prone devices, such as laptops and USB sticks. Keypad provides two important properties. First, Keypad supports fine-grained file auditing: a user can obtain explicit evidence that ...
Keywords: auditing, file system, keypad, theft-prone
335
	
A case study of enterprise identity management system adoption in an insurance organization
Pooya Jaferian, David Botta, Kirstie Hawkey, Konstantin Beznosov
November 2009 		
CHiMiT '09: Proceedings of the Symposium on Computer Human Interaction for the Management of Information Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (698.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 155,   Downloads (Overall): 1166,    Citation Count:

This case study describes the adoption of an enterprise identity management(IdM) system in an insurance organization. We describe the state of the organization before deploying the IdM system, and point out the challenges in its IdM practices. We describe ...

Keywords: case study, identity management, organizational factors, qualitative research, security tools
336
	
Usability evaluation methods for the web: A systematic mapping study
Adrian Fernandez, Emilio Insfran, Silvia Abrahão
August 2011 		
Information and Software Technology , Volume 53 Issue 8
Publisher: Butterworth-Heinemann
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Context: In recent years, many usability evaluation methods (UEMs) have been employed to evaluate Web applications. However, many of these applications still do not meet most customers' usability expectations and many companies have folded as a result ...
Keywords: Systematic mapping, Usability evaluation methods, Web development
337
	
Pseudonymizing Unix Log Files
Ulrich Flegel
October 2002 		
InfraSec '02: Proceedings of the International Conference on Infrastructure Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Unix systems in many cases record personal data in log files. We present tools that help in practice to retrofit privacy protection into existing Unix audit systems. Our tools are based on an approach to pseudonymizing Unix log files while balancing ...
338
	
A design and implementation of profile based web application securing proxy
Youngtae Yun, Sangseo Park, Yosik Kim, Jaecheol Ryou
April 2006 		
ISPEC'06: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Information Security Practice and Experience
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently, the security threat on web application is increasing rapidly and especially open source web applications are becoming popular target of web server hacking. And more there was a worm which spread via web application vulnerabilities. Web application ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, hacking, proxy, web application
339
	
BAF and FI-BAF: Efficient and Publicly Verifiable Cryptographic Schemes for Secure Logging in Resource-Constrained Systems
Attila A. Yavuz, Peng Ning, Michael K. Reiter
July 2012 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (290.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 409,    Citation Count:

Audit logs are an integral part of modern computer systems due to their forensic value. Protecting audit logs on a physically unprotected machine in hostile environments is a challenging task, especially in the presence of active adversaries. It is critical ...
Keywords: Applied cryptography, digital signature, forward security, secure audit logging, signature aggregation
340
	
Medical data security model for early intervention support system based on HIPAA
Eko Supriyanto, Haikal Satria, Tan Kean Siong
May 2010 		
TELE-INFO'10: Proceedings of the 9th WSEAS international conference on Telecommunications and informatics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Early Intervention Support System for Special Children (ELISSA) is an effective tool to improve the special children developmental ability. As the system stores sensitive personal data such as children medical data, it is crucial to have an adequate ...
Keywords: AES, ELISSA, HIPAA, USB dongle, medical data, security model 
341
	
Foundational Security Principles for Medical Application Platforms
Eugene Y. Vasserman, John Hatcliff
August 2013 		
WISA 2013: Revised Selected Papers of the 14th International Workshop on Information Security Applications - Volume 8267 , Volume 8267
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We describe a preliminary set of security requirements for safe and secure next-generation medical systems, consisting of dynamically composable units, tied together through a real-time safety-critical middleware. We note that this requirement set is ...
342
	
Structured and Interoperable Logging for the Cloud Computing Era: The Pitfalls and Benefits
Daniel Tovarnák, Andrea Vašeková, Svatopluk Novák, Tomáš Pitner
December 2013 		
UCC '13: Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE/ACM 6th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (367.14 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 0

Computer logs represent a valuable source of monitoring information being typically the only mechanism for gaining visibility into the behavior of monitored resources. However, even in modern cloud data centers the majority of logs is produced in an ...
Keywords: monitoring, logging, cloud
343
	
Analysis of firewall policy rules using traffic mining techniques
Muhammad Abedin, Syeda Nessa, Latifur Khan, Ehab Al-Shaer, Mamoun Awad
April 2010 		
International Journal of Internet Protocol Technology , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The firewall is usually the first line of defence in ensuring network security. However, the management of manually configured firewall rules has proven to be complex, error-prone and costly for large networks. Even with error-free rules, presence ...
Keywords: firewall implementation validation, firewall log analysis, firewall rule analysis, firewall rule anomaly detection, firewalls, internet protocol, network security, network traffic mining
344
	
CloudSafetyNet: Detecting Data Leakage between Cloud Tenants
Christian Priebe, Divya Muthukumaran, Dan O' Keeffe, David Eyers, Brian Shand, Ruediger Kapitza, Peter Pietzuch
November 2014 		
CCSW '14: Proceedings of the 6th edition of the ACM Workshop on Cloud Computing Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (623.92 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 179,   Downloads (Overall): 179,    Citation Count: 0

When tenants deploy applications under the control of third-party cloud providers, they must trust the provider's security mechanisms for inter-tenant isolation, resource sharing and access control. Despite a provider's best efforts, accidental data ...
Keywords: cloud, data leakage detection, inter-tenant isolation, socket-level monitoring
345
	
Evaluating grid portal security
David Del Vecchio, Victor Hazlewood, Marty Humphrey
November 2006 		
SC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM/IEEE conference on Supercomputing
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (2.21 KB),  PDFPDF (156.69 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 778,    Citation Count: 4

Grid portals are an increasingly popular mechanism for creating customizable, Web-based interfaces to Grid services and resources. Due to the powerful, general-purpose nature of Grid technology, the security of any portal or entry point to such resources ...
346
	
Security in data networks
S. E. Forrester
January 1998 		
BT Technology Journal , Volume 16 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The explosive growth of data networks and their commercial application is driving the need for improved security. This paper aims to raise awareness of the features of secure data networks and the role that encryption plays in this context. An overview ...
347
	
Toward a safe integrated clinical environment: a communication security perspective
Denis Foo Kune, Krishna Venkatasubramanian, Eugene Vasserman, Insup Lee, Yongdae Kim
August 2012 		
MedCOMM '12: Proceedings of the 2012 ACM workshop on Medical communication systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (484.82 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 164,    Citation Count:

With a vision emerging for dynamically composable and interoperable medical devices and information systems, many communication standards have been proposed, and more are in development. However, few include sufficiently comprehensive or flexible security ...
Keywords: integrated clinical environment, medical device, security
348
	
A Privacy-Protecting Business-Analytics Service for On-Line Transactions
Bettina Berendt, SöRen Preibusch, Maximilian Teltzrow
April 2008 		
International Journal of Electronic Commerce , Volume 12 Issue 3
Publisher: M. E. Sharpe, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Analysis of consumer-related and consumer-generated data is a very important way to measure the success of on-line retailing. The software packages for data analysis have two major shortcomings: (1) solutions are not offered as a service reachable by ...

Keywords: Data Mining, Electronic Business, P3p, Privacy, Web Analytics
349
	
Privacy policies compliance across digital identity management systems
Anna C. Squicciarini, Alexei Czeskis, Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel
November 2008 		
SPRINGL '08: Proceedings of the SIGSPATIAL ACM GIS 2008 International Workshop on Security and Privacy in GIS and LBS
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (508.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 435,    Citation Count:

An emerging approach for protecting identities of individuals, while at the same time enhancing user convenience, is represented by federated identity management systems. In this paper we develop an approach to support privacy controlled sharing ...

Keywords: digital identity, privacy, tracing
350
	
Automated recognition of event scenarios for digital forensics
Jonathon Abbott, Jim Bell, Andrew Clark, Olivier De Vel, George Mohay
April 2006 		
SAC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (342.12 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 812,    Citation Count: 2

The authors have previously developed the ECF (Event Correlation for Forensics) framework for scenario matching in the forensic investigation of activity manifested in digital transactional logs. ECF incorporated a suite of log parsers to reduce event ...
Keywords: computer forensics, event correlation, events, heterogeneous event logs, logs
351
	
Preemptive intrusion detection: theoretical framework and real-world measurements
Phuong Cao, Eric Badger, Zbigniew Kalbarczyk, Ravishankar Iyer, Adam Slagell
April 2015 		
HotSoS '15: Proceedings of the 2015 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (700.04 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 53,   Downloads (Overall): 53,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents a Factor Graph based framework called AttackTagger for highly accurate and preemptive detection of attacks, i.e., before the system misuse. We use security logs on real incidents that occurred over a six-year period at the National ...
352
	
Log monitors in BSD UNIX
Brett Glass
February 2002 		
BSDC'02: Proceedings of the BSD Conference 2002 on BSD Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A log monitor is a process, or daemon, which monitors log messages produced by a computer system and the programs which run on it. A properly designed log monitor can recognize unusual activity (or inactivity), alert an administrator to problems, gather ...
353
	
Browser-based attacks on Tor
Timothy G. Abbott, Katherine J. Lai, Michael R. Lieberman, Eric C. Price
June 2007 		
PET'07: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Privacy enhancing technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

This paper describes a new attack on the anonymity of web browsing with Tor. The attack tricks a user's web browser into sending a distinctive signal over the Tor network that can be detected using traffic analysis. It is delivered by a malicious exit ...
354
	
A Secure Virtualized Logging Scheme for Digital Forensics in Comparison with Kernel Module Approach
Bin-Hui Chou, Kohei Tatara, Taketoshi Sakuraba, Yoshiaki Hori, Kouichi Sakurai
April 2008 		
ISA '08: Proceedings of the 2008 International Conference on Information Security and Assurance (isa 2008)
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Digital forensics encompasses the process of identifying the perpetrator and the criminal method by analyzing the logs generated in the computer. Log files record the activities of the computer and by reading them one can know what kind of event happened ...

Keywords: log integrity, digital forensics, virtualization
355
	
The role of suspicion in model-based intrusion detection
Timothy Hollebeek, Rand Waltzman
September 2004 		
NSPW '04: Proceedings of the 2004 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (116.29 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 4,   Downloads (Overall): 897,    Citation Count: 1

We argue in favor of the explicit inclusion of suspicion as a concrete concept to be used in the analysis of audit data in order to guide the search for evidence of misuse. Our approach is similar to that of a human forensic analyst, who first notices ...
356
	
Security of virtual entities
Adina Uta, Ion Ivan, Marius Popa, Cristian Ciurea, Mihai Doinea
June 2014 		
CompSysTech '14: Proceedings of the 15th International Conference on Computer Systems and Technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (264.15 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 18,    Citation Count: 0

The concepts of basic virtual entity and derived virtual entity are presented. Their quality characteristics are defined in the context of multiple accessing by heterogeneous target group members. The development conditions of derived entities are established. ...
Keywords: basic entities, derived entities, multi-access, security, security metric, target group, virtual environment
357
	
Web log analysis: a review of a decade of studies about information acquisition, inspection and interpretation of user interaction
Maristella Agosti, Franco Crivellari, Giorgio Maria Di Nunzio
May 2012 		
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 24 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the last decade, the importance of analyzing information management systems logs has grown, because log data constitute a relevant aspect in evaluating the quality of such systems. A review of 10 years of research on log analysis is presented in this ...
Keywords: Query log, Search log, User study, Web log
358
	
Secure logging and auditing in electronic health records systems: what can we learn from the payment card industry
Jason King, Laurie Williams
August 2012 		
HealthSec'12: Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX conference on Health Security and Privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1
359
	
Intruders versus intrusiveness: teens' and parents' perspectives on home-entryway surveillance
Blase Ur, Jaeyeon Jung, Stuart Schechter
September 2014 		
UbiComp '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM International Joint Conference on Pervasive and Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (283.82 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 65,   Downloads (12 Months): 622,   Downloads (Overall): 622,    Citation Count: 0

We investigated how household deployment of Internet-connected locks and security cameras could impact teenagers' privacy. In interviews with 13 teenagers and 11 parents, we investigated reactions to audit logs of family members' comings and goings. ...
Keywords: audit mechanisms, domestic technologies, internet of things (IoT), monitoring, parents, privacy, smart homes, teenagers
360
	
The service availability forum security service (SEC): status and future directions
Peter Badovinatz, Santosh Balakrishnan, Makan Pourzandi, Manfred Reitenspiess, Chad Tindel
May 2006 		
ISAS'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Service Availability
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Service Availability Forum is specifying high availability interfaces for carrier grade applications. Along with the direct support for applications an implementation of these interfaces implies that it can itself be highly available. To ensure this ...
Keywords: SA forum system security, carrier class systems, clusters, middleware security, service availability forum 
361
	
User centricity: A taxonomy and open issues
Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel, Jan Camenisch, Thomas Gross, Dieter Sommer
October 2007 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 15 Issue 5
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

User centricity is a significant concept in federated identity management (FIM), as it provides for stronger user control and privacy. However, several notions of user-centricity in the FIM community render its semantics unclear and hamper future research ...

Keywords: Identity management, privacy, security
362
	
Experiences building PlanetLab
Larry Peterson, Andy Bavier, Marc E. Fiuczynski, Steve Muir
November 2006 		
OSDI '06: Proceedings of the 7th symposium on Operating systems design and implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (532.73 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 433,    Citation Count: 17

This paper reports our experiences building PlanetLab over the last four years. It identifies the requirements that shaped PlanetLab, explains the design decisions that resulted from resolving conflicts among these requirements, and reports our experience ...
363
	
Log analysis and event correlation using variable temporal event correlator (VTEC)
Paul Krizak
November 2010 		
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

System administrators have utilized log analysis for decades to monitor and automate their environments. As compute environments grow, and the scope and volume of the logs increase, it becomes more difficult to get timely, useful data and appropriate ...
364
	
Compliance with data protection laws using hippocratic database active enforcement and auditing
C. M. Johnson, T. W. A. Grandison
April 2007 		
IBM Systems Journal , Volume 46 Issue 2
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Governments worldwide are enacting data protection laws that restrict the disclosure and processing of personal information. These laws impose administrative and financial burdens on companies that manage personal information and may hinder the legitimate ...
365
	
Using personal portfolios to manage customer data
Aimilia Tasidou, Pavlos S. Efraimidis
September 2011 		
DPM'11: Proceedings of the 6th international conference, and 4th international conference on Data Privacy Management and Autonomous Spontaneus Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Transactions today are conducted in a way that leaves no real option to the customers to protect their privacy. Sensitive private information is left uncontrolled at the companies' disposal and is often (un)intentionally leaked to unauthorized parties. ...
Keywords: economics of privacy, personal data management, privacy enhancing technologies
366
	
Document-centric XML workflows with fragment digital signatures
Phillip J. Brooke, Richard F. Paige, Christopher Power
July 2010 		
Software—Practice & Experience , Volume 40 Issue 8
Publisher: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The use of digital document management and processing is increasing. Traditional workflows of paper forms are being replaced by electronic workflows of digital documents. These workflows often require multiple signatures to be added to the documents ...
Keywords: XML, authorization, digital signature, workflow
367
	
An Epidemiological Study of Malware Encounters in a Large Enterprise
Ting-Fang Yen, Victor Heorhiadi, Alina Oprea, Michael K. Reiter, Ari Juels
November 2014 		
CCS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.30 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 254,   Downloads (Overall): 254,    Citation Count: 0

We present an epidemiological study of malware encounters in a large, multi-national enterprise. Our data sets allow us to observe or infer not only malware presence on enterprise computers, but also malware entry points, network locations of the computers ...
Keywords: enterprise security, logistic regression, malware encounters, measurement
368
	
Integrating web mining and neural network for personalized e-commerce automatic service
Pao-Hua Chou, Pi-Hsiang Li, Kuang-Ku Chen, Menq-Jiun Wu
April 2010 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 4
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Electronic commerce (EC) has become a trend in the world nowadays. However, most researches neglect a fundamental issue - the user's product-specific knowledge on which the useful intelligent systems are based. This research employs the user's product-specific ...

Keywords: Automatic service, Data mining, Electronic commerce, Neural network
369
	
Virtualization: Issues, security threats, and solutions
Michael Pearce, Sherali Zeadally, Ray Hunt
February 2013 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 45 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (790.22 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 95,   Downloads (12 Months): 1251,   Downloads (Overall): 4470,    Citation Count: 2

Although system virtualization is not a new paradigm, the way in which it is used in modern system architectures provides a powerful platform for system building, the advantages of which have only been realized in recent years, as a result of the rapid ...
Keywords: Encryption, threat, virtual machine, virtual machine monitor, virtualization
370
	
Behavioural biometrics: a survey and classification
Roman V. Yampolskiy, Venu Govindaraju
June 2008 		
International Journal of Biometrics , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

This study is a survey and classification of the state-of-the-art in behavioural biometrics which is based on skills, style, preference, knowledge, motor-skills or strategy used by people while accomplishing different everyday tasks such ...

Keywords: behavioural biometrics, features, human behaviour, motor skills, privacy, user verification
371
	
NStreamAware: real-time visual analytics for data streams to enhance situational awareness
Fabian Fischer, Daniel A. Keim
November 2014 		
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	MpegMpeg (323810:18 MIN),  PDFPDF (1.64 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 168,   Downloads (Overall): 168,    Citation Count: 0

The analysis of data streams is important in many security-related domains to gain situational awareness. To provide monitoring and visual analysis of such data streams, we propose a system, called NStreamAware, that uses modern distributed processing ...
Keywords: data streams, network security, real-time processing, situational awareness, visual analytics
372
	
Hviz
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue S1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

HTTP and HTTPS traffic recorded at the perimeter of an organization is an exhaustive data source for the forensic investigation of security incidents. However, due to the nested nature of today's Web page structures, it is a huge manual effort to tell ...
373
	
A Tale of Three Security Operation Centers
Sathya Chandran Sundaramurthy, Jacob Case, Tony Truong, Loai Zomlot, Marcel Hoffmann
November 2014 		
SIW '14: Proceedings of the 2014 ACM Workshop on Security Information Workers
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (492.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 71,   Downloads (Overall): 71,    Citation Count: 0

Security researchers have been trying to understand functioning of a security operation center (SOC) and how security analysts perform their job. This effort is motivated by the fact that security monitoring and analysis is not just a technical problem. ...
Keywords: anthropology in security, security operation centers
374
	
The packet vault: secure storage of network data
C. J. Antonelli, M. Undy, P. Honeyman
April 1999 		
ID'99: Proceedings of the 1st conference on Workshop on Intrusion Detection and Network Monitoring - Volume 1 , Volume 1
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper describes the packet vault, a cryptographically secured archiver of network packet data. The vault captures network packets, encrypts them, and writes them to long-term CD-ROM storage for later analysis and for evidentiary purposes. The cryptographic ...
375
	
Requirements and design for an extensible toolkit for analyzing EMR audit logs
Eric Duffy, Steve Nyemba, Carl A. Gunter, David Liebovitz, Bradley Malin
August 2013 		
HealthTech'13: Proceedings of the 2013 USENIX conference on Safety, Security, Privacy and Interoperability of Health Information Technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Over the past decade, various regulations have been proposed and promulgated to support the auditing of accesses to Electronic Medical Record (EMRs). Current tools to support this process can improve their use of statistical and machine learning techniques ...
376
	
Consistency analysis of authorization hook placement in the Linux security modules framework
Trent Jaeger, Antony Edwards, Xiaolan Zhang
May 2004 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (394.54 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 1362,    Citation Count: 11

We present a consistency analysis approach to assist the Linux community in verifying the correctness of authorization hook placement in the Linux Security Modules (LSM) framework. The LSM framework consists of a set of authorization hooks inserted into ...

Keywords: access control models, authorization mechanisms, role-based access control
377
	
Automated computer forensics training in a virtualized environment
Stephen Brueckner, David Guaspari, Frank Adelstein, Joseph Weeks
September 2008 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The CYber DEfenSe Trainer (CYDEST) is a virtualized training platform for network defense and computer forensics. It uses virtual machines to provide tactical level exercises for personnel such as network administrators, first responders, and digital ...
Keywords: Automated assessment, Automated evaluation, Computer training, Digital forensic training, Virtualized training
378
	
On anonymizing query logs via token-based hashing
Ravi Kumar, Jasmine Novak, Bo Pang, Andrew Tomkins
May 2007 		
WWW '07: Proceedings of the 16th international conference on World Wide Web
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (327.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 420,    Citation Count: 33

In this paper we study the privacy preservation properties of aspecific technique for query log anonymization: token-based hashing. In this approach, each query is tokenized, and then a secure hash function is applied to each token. We show that statistical ...
Keywords: hash-based anonymization, privacy, query logs
379
	
LIPS: a lightweight permit system for packet source origin accountability
Yingfei Dong, Changho Choi, Zhi-Li Zhang
December 2006 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 50 Issue 18
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

One of key security issues on the current Internet is unwanted traffic, the forerunner of unauthorized accesses, scans, and attacks. It is vitally important but extremely challenging to fight such unwanted traffic. We need a series of defensive mechanisms ...

Keywords: IP spoofing, network security, packet authentication, unwanted traffic
380
	
Learning relational policies from electronic health record access logs
Bradley Malin, Steve Nyemba, John Paulett
April 2011 		
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 44 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Modern healthcare organizations (HCOs) are composed of complex dynamic teams to ensure clinical operations are executed in a quick and competent manner. At the same time, the fluid nature of such environments hinders administrators' efforts to define ...
Keywords: Access logs, Auditing, Electronic health records, Knowledge discovery, Organizational behavior 
381
	
Proposal of electronic commerce system with cellular phones for digital forensics
Ken Kuroiwa, Ryuya Uda
January 2010 		
ICUIMC '10: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Uniquitous Information Management and Communication
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (251.31 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 55,    Citation Count:

With recent significant development in e-commerce services, most major portal sites have gained popularity by setting up cybermalls. However, these cybermalls provide acknowledgment of order only by e-mail. Since the evidential capacity of e-mail is ...
Keywords: cellular phone, digital forensics, electronic commerce, hysteresis signature, personal authentication
382
	
Security analysis of the diebold AccuVote-TS voting machine
Ariel J. Feldman, J. Alex Halderman, Edward W. Felten
August 2007 		
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 24

This paper presents a fully independent security study of a Diebold AccuVote-TS voting machine, including its hardware and software. We obtained the machine from a private party. Analysis of the machine, in light of real election procedures, shows that ...
383
	
Criminal computer forensics management
Ray Yeager
September 2006 		
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (87.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 2449,    Citation Count: 1

This research paper addresses the methodology and approaches to managing criminal computer forensic investigations in a law enforcement environment with management controls, operational controls, and technical controls. Management controls cover policy ...
Keywords: criminal computer forensics, criminal computer forensics management, forensic evidence, quality assurance, standard operating procedures
384
	
The impact of Microsoft Windows pool allocation strategies on memory forensics
Andreas Schuster
September 2008 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

An image of a computer's physical memory can provide a forensic examiner with a wealth of information. A small area of system memory, the nonpaged pool, contains lots of information about currently and formerly active processes. As this paper shows, ...
Keywords: Microsoft Windows, Pool memory, Process Persistence, Volatile data
385
	
Analyzing log analysis: an empirical study of user log mining
S. Alspaugh, Beidi Chen, Jessica Lin, Archana Ganapathi, Marti A. Hearst, Randy Katz
November 2014 		
LISA'14: Proceedings of the 28th USENIX conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

We present an in-depth study of over 200K log analysis queries from Splunk, a platform for data analytics. Using these queries, we quantitatively describe log analysis behavior to inform the design of analysis tools. This study includes state machine ...
Keywords: Splunk, log analysis, query logs, user modeling, user surveys
386
	
Flexible and Secure Logging of Grid Data Access
Weide Zhang, David Vecchio, Glenn Wasson, Marty Humphrey
September 2006 		
GRID '06: Proceedings of the 7th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (136.87 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count:

In Grid collaborations, scientists use middleware to execute computational experiments, visualize results, and securely share data on resources ranging from desktop machines to supercomputers. While there has been significant effort in authentication ...
387
	
News: In brief
June 2010 		
Network Security , Volume 2010 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
388
	
Compliance by design - Bridging the chasm between auditors and IT architects
Klaus Julisch, Christophe Suter, Thomas Woitalla, Olaf Zimmermann
September 2011 		
Computers and Security , Volume 30 Issue 6-7
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

System and process auditors assure - from an information processing perspective - the correctness and integrity of the data that is aggregated in a company's financial statements. To do so, they assess whether a company's business processes and information ...
Keywords: Business processes, CAVR, Compliance, Enterprise applications, Information systems audit, Patterns, Security architecture, Service-oriented architecture
389
	
TRINETR: An architecture for collaborative intrusion detection and knowledge-based alert evaluation
Jinqiao Yu, Y. V. Ramana Reddy, Sentil Selliah, Sumitra Reddy, Vijayanand Bharadwaj, Srinivas Kankanahalli
April 2005 		
Advanced Engineering Informatics , Volume 19 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Current reactive and standalone network security products are not capable of withstanding the onslaught of diversified network threats. As a result, a new security paradigm, where integrated security devices or systems collaborate closely to achieve ...

Keywords: Alert, CSCW, Intelligent agents, Intrusion detection, Network security
390
	
Virtualization security
Edward Ray, Eugene Schultz
April 2009 		
CSIIRW '09: Proceedings of the 5th Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research: Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Challenges and Strategies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (813.83 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 178,   Downloads (Overall): 2252,    Citation Count:

Many organization fail to take into account the security of virtual servers, which can result in potential loss of data from internal and external threats. Virtualization has now become commonplace throughout the world; however few if any organizations ...
391
	
User centricity: a taxonomy and open issues
Abhilasha Bhargav-Spantzel, Jan Camenisch, Thomas Gross, Dieter Sommer
November 2006 		
DIM '06: Proceedings of the second ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (128.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 1163,    Citation Count: 12

User centricity is a significant concept in federated identity management (FIM), as it provides for stronger user control and privacy. However, several notions of user-centricity in the FIM community render its semantics unclear and hamper future research ...
Keywords: delegation, identity management systems, privacy, security, taxonomy, user centric, user control
392
	
Privacy-preserving audit for broker-based health information exchange
Se Eun Oh, Ji Young Chun, Limin Jia, Deepak Garg, Carl A. Gunter, Anupam Datta
March 2014 		
CODASPY '14: Proceedings of the 4th ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (651.97 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 56,   Downloads (Overall): 85,    Citation Count: 0

Developments in health information technology have encouraged the establishment of distributed systems known as Health Information Exchanges (HIEs) to enable the sharing of patient records between institutions. In many cases, the parties running these ...
Keywords: audit, formal logic, health information technology, hierarchical identity based encryption
393
	
Mobile-sandbox: having a deeper look into android applications
Michael Spreitzenbarth, Felix Freiling, Florian Echtler, Thomas Schreck, Johannes Hoffmann
March 2013 		
SAC '13: Proceedings of the 28th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (685.48 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 372,   Downloads (Overall): 890,    Citation Count: 2

Smartphones in general and Android in particular are increasingly shifting into the focus of cybercriminals. For understanding the threat to security and privacy it is important for security researchers to analyze malicious software written for these ...
Keywords: Android, application analysis, malware
394
	
A tale of two CTs: IP packets rejected by a firewall
George Corser
October 2012 		
InfoSecCD '12: Proceedings of the 2012 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (156.90 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 56,    Citation Count:

Two distinct curve tendencies (CTs) characterize the flow of IP packets rejected by a firewall from specific source IP addresses. One flow model appears relatively flat and steady over time. The other manifests as a single sharp spike. This study examines ...
Keywords: firewall log analysis, spreadsheets, visualization
395
	
Extending UNIX System Logging with SHARP
Matthew Bing, Carl Erickson
December 2000 		
LISA '00: Proceedings of the 14th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

System messages in a UNIX system are handled by syslog. The responsibilities of syslog are to filter and disperse program generated messages based on a priority code contained in each message. Filtering with priority codes is not sufficient to generate ...
396
	
Access Control: Policies, Models, and Mechanisms
Pierangela Samarati, Sabrina De Capitani di Vimercati
September 2000 		
FOSAD '00: Revised versions of lectures given during the IFIP WG 1.7 International School on Foundations of Security Analysis and Design on Foundations of Security Analysis and Design: Tutorial Lectures
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 106

Access control is the process of mediating every request to resources and data maintained by a system and determining whether the request should be granted or denied. The access control decision is enforced by a mechanism implementing regulations established ...
397
	
Restrain from pervasive logging employing geo-temporal policies
Mohsin Ali Memon, Jiro Tanaka, Tomonari Kamba
August 2012 		
APCHI '12: Proceedings of the 10th asia pacific conference on Computer human interaction
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.16 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 85,    Citation Count:

Life logging has been a prominent research concern in recent years with the invention of wearable life capture gadgets and it has played a significant role in some situations such as helping Alzheimer disease patients. However, at the same time, it has ...
Keywords: geographical, life log, neighbor, pervasive, privacy, temporal
398
	
Indexing information for data forensics
Michael T. Goodrich, Mikhail J. Atallah, Roberto Tamassia
June 2005 		
ACNS'05: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Applied Cryptography and Network Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

We introduce novel techniques for organizing the indexing structures of how data is stored so that alterations from an original version can be detected and the changed values specifically identified. We give forensic constructions for several fundamental ...
Keywords: combinatorial group testing, data forensics, data integrity, data marking, data structures, information hiding, tamper detection
399
	
Anomalous network communication detection system by visual pattern on a client computer
Hayate Goto, Tetsuji Takada
April 2015 		
SAC '15: Proceedings of the 30th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.87 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this study, we propose a visual anomaly detection system for network connections on a client computer. End users are exposed to security threats and they remain vulnerable to unknown emerging threats because current tools such as antivirus software ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, information visualization, log analysis, malware, network traffic, security measure, system administration, visual analysis
400
	
Event sequence mining to develop profiles for computer forensic investigation purposes
Tamas Abraham
January 2006 		
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (189.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 1040,    Citation Count: 3

Developing profiles to describe user or system behaviour is a useful technique employed in Computer Forensic investigations. Information found in data obtained by investigators can often be used to establish a view of regular usage patterns which can ...
Keywords: computer forensics, data mining, event sequences 
401
	
GIST: a model for design and management of content and interactivity of customer-centric web sites
Terri C. Albert, Paulo B. Goes, Alok Gupta
June 2004 		
MIS Quarterly , Volume 28 Issue 2
Publisher: Society for Information Management and The Management Information Systems Research Center
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 21

Customer-centric Web-based systems, such as e-commerce Web sites, or sites that support customer relationship management (CRM) activities, are themselves information systems, but their design and maintenance need to follow vastly different approaches ...
Keywords: customer segmentation, personalization, web site analysis and design
402
	
Towards standards in digital forensics education
Peter Cooper, Gail T. Finley, Petteri Kaskenpalo
June 2010 		
ITiCSE-WGR '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ITiCSE working group reports
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.18 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 410,    Citation Count:

Digital Forensics is an emerging discipline within the computing sciences that exhibits both commonalities and uniquenesses with other computing disciplines. This paper seeks to delineate the domain space of Digital Forensics through an evaluation of ...
Keywords: computing professions, curriculum, digital forensics
403
	
Testing the security vulnerabilities of OpenEMR 4.1.1: a case study
Francis Akowuah, Jerrisa Lake, Xiaohong Yuan, Emmanuel Nuakoh, Huiming Yu
January 2015 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 30 Issue 3
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (101.55 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 106,   Downloads (Overall): 106,    Citation Count: 0

OpenEMR is a widely used open source electronic medical record system. Since it is used for storing and transmitting sensitive health information, the security posture of the system is of great concern. This paper reports our findings of vulnerabilities ...
404
	
Management and Diagnosis Architecture for a Large-Scale Public WLAN
Seongkwan Kim, Se-kyu Park, Sunghyun Choi, Jaehwan Lee, Hanwook Jung
June 2006 		
WOWMOM '06: Proceedings of the 2006 International Symposium on on World of Wireless, Mobile and Multimedia Networks
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (466.91 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count: 0

In Korea, a large-scale IEEE 802.11b-based public wireless LAN (WLAN) service, called NESPOT, has been in operation by Korea Telecom (KT) across the country during the last four years. Along with a fast growth of the service, however, the service quality ...
405
	
Simulation of human behaviours for the validation of Ambient Intelligence services: A methodological approach
Teresa Garcia-Valverde, Francisco Campuzano, Emilio Serrano, Ana Villa, Juan A. Botia
August 2012 		
Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Smart Environments , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

An Ambient Intelligence (AmI) system is a pervasive system in which services have some intelligence in order to smoothly interact with users immersed in the environment. Users are the main entity in AmI systems. Thus, the services are user-centred with ...
Keywords: Ambient Intelligent, ambient assisted living, behaviour simulation, user modelling
406
	
Public IT service strategy for social information security in the intelligence all-things environment
Jinho Yoo, Hangbae Chang
November 2014 		
Electronic Commerce Research , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the area of public information service, information leakage through an insider is occurring frequently in recent. Considering the difficulty in tracking security breach incidents upon using cutting-edge technology instead of technology-centered security ...
Keywords: Individual information security, Information service strategy, Intelligence all-things environment, Public information service
407
	
Design of a temporal geosocial semantic web for military stabilization and reconstruction operations
Bhavani Thuraisingham, Latifur Khan, Murat Kantarcioglu, Vaibhav Khadilkar
June 2009 		
CSI-KDD '09: Proceedings of the ACM SIGKDD Workshop on CyberSecurity and Intelligence Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.08 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 216,    Citation Count:

The United States and its Allied Forces have had tremendous success in combat operations. This includes combat in Germany, Japan and more recently in Iraq and Afghanistan. However not all of our stabilization and reconstruction operations (SARO) have ...

Keywords: SARO, SAROL
408
	
An Experimental Evaluation of Data Confidentiality Measures on the Cloud
Hussain Aljafer, Zaki Malik, Mohammed Alodib, Abdelmounaam Rezgui
September 2014 		
MEDES '14: Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Management of Emergent Digital EcoSystems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (8.46 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 73,   Downloads (Overall): 73,    Citation Count: 0

Due to the many advantages offered by the cloud computing paradigm, it is fast becoming an enabling technology for many organizations, and even individual users. Flexibility and availability are two of the most important features that promote the wide ...
Keywords: Cloud, Encryption, Security
409
	
NetReview: detecting when interdomain routing goes wrong
Andreas Haeberlen, Ioannis Avramopoulos, Jennifer Rexford, Peter Druschel
April 2009 		
NSDI'09: Proceedings of the 6th USENIX symposium on Networked systems design and implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 12

Despite many attempts to fix it, the Internet's interdomain routing system remains vulnerable to configuration errors, buggy software, flaky equipment, protocol oscillation, and intentional attacks. Unlike most existing solutions that prevent specific ...
410
	
Query rewriting for detection of privacy violation through inferencing
Vikram Goyal, S. K. Gupta, Shobhit Saxena
October 2006 		
PST '06: Proceedings of the 2006 International Conference on Privacy, Security and Trust: Bridge the Gap Between PST Technologies and Business Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (349.64 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 128,    Citation Count: 5

When a privacy violation is detected the intension behind the violation is revealed. We refer to this as a malafide intension and the information revealed as the target. The target can be expressed using an SQL-like syntax. In sophisticated privacy attacks ...
411
	
OSS-TMM: Guidelines for Improving the Testing Process of Open Source Software
Sandro Morasca, Davide Taibi, Davide Tosi
April 2011 		
International Journal of Open Source Software and Processes , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Open Source Software OSS products do not usually follow traditional software engineering development paradigms. Specifically, testing activities in OSS development may be quite different from those carried out in Closed Source Software CSS development. ...
Keywords: Open Source Software OSS Quality, Survey, Testing Process, Testing Quality Assessment, Trustworthiness
412
	
Preventing history forgery with secure provenance
Ragib Hasan, Radu Sion, Marianne Winslett
December 2009 		
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (998.65 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 67,   Downloads (Overall): 713,    Citation Count: 12

As increasing amounts of valuable information are produced and persist digitally, the ability to determine the origin of data becomes important. In science, medicine, commerce, and government, data provenance tracking is essential for rights protection, ...

Keywords: audit, confidentiality, integrity, lineage, provenance, security
413
	
Detecting hostile accesses to a web site using a visualization method based on probabilistic clustering
Naoko Hirose, Einoshin Suzuki
August 2005 		
SMO'05: Proceedings of the 5th WSEAS international conference on Simulation, modelling and optimization
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we propose a visualization method based on probabilistic clustering in order to detect hostile accesses to a Web site. A system administrator is required to monitor a huge amount of access log data in order to detect novel types of hostile ...
Keywords: EM algorithm, Hue allocation, fraud detection, prototypelines, visualization, web log analysis
414
	
Required information release
Stephen Chong
November 2012 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 20 Issue 6
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Many computer systems have a functional requirement to release information. Such requirements are an important part of a system's information security requirements. Current information-flow control techniques are able to reason about permitted information ...
Keywords: Algorithmic Knowledge, Declassification, Information Flow, Information Release
415
	
PUBCRAWL: protecting users and businesses from CRAWLers
Gregoire Jacob, Engin Kirda, Christopher Kruegel, Giovanni Vigna
August 2012 		
Security'12: Proceedings of the 21st USENIX conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Web crawlers are automated tools that browse the web to retrieve and analyze information. Although crawlers are useful tools that help users to find content on the web, they may also be malicious. Unfortunately, unauthorized (malicious) crawlers are ...
416
	
On Using a Warehouse to Analyze Web Logs
Karuna P. Joshi, Anupam Joshi, Yelena Yesha
March 2003 		
Distributed and Parallel Databases , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Analyzing Web Logs for usage and access trends can not only provide important information to web site developers and administrators, but also help in creating adaptive web sites. While there are many existing tools that generate fixed reports from web ...

Keywords: adaptive websites, data warehouse, e-commerce, web logs, web mining
417
	
Payoff based IDS evaluation
Michael Collins
August 2009 		
CSET'09: Proceedings of the 2nd conference on Cyber security experimentation and test
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IDS are regularly evaluated by comparing their false positive and false negative rates on ROC curves. However, this mechanism generally ignores both the context within which the IDS operates and the attacker's own ability to adapt to IDS behavior. In ...
418
	
A formal framework for specifying and analyzing logs as electronic evidence
Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Daniel Le Métayer
November 2010 		
SBMF'10: Proceedings of the 13th Brazilian conference on Formal methods: foundations and applications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The issues of logging for determining liability requires to define, prior to a dispute, the logging system and the log analysis in a manner that would determine the parties liable for a predetermined misbehavior of the system. We propose a formal framework ...
419
	
Cloud forensics
Ameer Pichan, Mihai Lazarescu, Sie Teng Soh
June 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 13 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing is arguably one of the most significant advances in information technology (IT) services today. Several cloud service providers (CSPs) have offered services that have produced various transformative changes in computing activities and ...
Keywords: Amazon EC2, Cloud computing, Cloud customer, Cloud forensics, Cloud service provider, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Service level agreement
420
	
BAF: An Efficient Publicly Verifiable Secure Audit Logging Scheme for Distributed Systems
Attila Altay Yavuz, Peng Ning
December 2009 		
ACSAC '09: Proceedings of the 2009 Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Audit logs, providing information about the current and past states of systems, are one of the most important parts of modern computer systems. Providing security for audit logs on an untrusted machine in a large distributed system is a challenging task, ...

Keywords: Applied cryptography, secure audit logging, digital forensics, forward security, signature aggregation 
421
	
Fay: extensible distributed tracing from kernels to clusters
Úlfar Erlingsson, Marcus Peinado, Simon Peter, Mihai Budiu
October 2011 		
SOSP '11: Proceedings of the Twenty-Third ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (875.31 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 256,    Citation Count: 9

Fay is a flexible platform for the efficient collection, processing, and analysis of software execution traces. Fay provides dynamic tracing through use of runtime instrumentation and distributed aggregation within machines and across clusters. At the ...
422
	
I know what the BOTs did yesterday: full action sequence analysis using Naïve Bayesian algorithm
Jina Lee, Jiyoun Lim, Wonjun Cho, Huy Kang Kim
December 2013 		
NetGames '13: Proceedings of Annual Workshop on Network and Systems Support for Games
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (503.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 39,    Citation Count: 0

A game BOT is a major threat in the online game industry. There have been many efforts to distinguish game BOT users from normal users. Several studies have proposed BOT detection models based on the analysis of users' in-game action sequence data. These ...
Keywords: BOT detection, Naïve Bayesian classifier, online game security, sequence data
423
	
Efficient audit-based compliance for relational data retention
Ragib Hasan, Marianne Winslett
March 2011 		
ASIACCS '11: Proceedings of the 6th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (530.19 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 262,    Citation Count:

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act inspired research on long-term high-integrity retention of business records, leveraging the immutability guarantees that WORM storage servers offer for files. In this paper, we present the transaction log on WORM (TLOW) ...
Keywords: audit, forensics, regulatory compliance
424
	
A novel approach to visualize web anomaly attacks in pervasive computing environment
Bonhyun Koo, Yang Sun Lee, Taeshik Shon
July 2013 		
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 65 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

These days, a pervasive computing environment is a rapidly changing trend towards increasingly always-on connected computing devices in the convergence environment. In a pervasive computing environment, there are various multimedia web services and communications ...
Keywords: Bayesian, Multimedia communications, Pervasive security, Visualization, Web security
425
	
A posteriori compliance control
Sandro Etalle, William H. Winsborough
June 2007 		
SACMAT '07: Proceedings of the 12th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (288.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 457,    Citation Count: 13

While preventative policy enforcement mechanisms can provide theoretical guarantees that policy is correctly enforced, they have limitations in practice. They are inflexible when unanticipated circumstances arise, and most are either inflexible with ...
Keywords: access control, policy enforcement, trust management
426
	
Implementing Trust in Cloud Infrastructures
Ricardo Neisse, Dominik Holling, Alexander Pretschner
May 2011 		
CCGRID '11: Proceedings of the 2011 11th IEEE/ACM International Symposium on Cluster, Cloud and Grid Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (271.51 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 115,    Citation Count: 8

Today's cloud computing infrastructures usually require customers who transfer data into the cloud to trust the providers of the cloud infrastructure. Not every customer is willing to grant this trust without justification. It should be possible to detect ...
Keywords: trust, cloud computing, trusted computing, runtime integrity checking
427
	
Using Security Logs for Collecting and Reporting Technical Security Metrics
Risto Vaarandi, Mauno Pihelgas
October 2014 		
MILCOM '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE Military Communications Conference
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

During recent years, establishing proper metrics for measuring system security has received increasing attention. Security logs contain vast amounts of information which are essential for creating many security metrics. Unfortunately, security logs are ...
Keywords: security metrics, security log analysis
428
	
A design and implementation of a web server log file analyzer
Yu-Hsin Cheng, Chien-Hung Huang
January 2008 		
WSEAS Transactions on Information Science and Applications , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

More and more enterprises use network to communicate with the suppliers or the customers, and also in receiving order forms, data transmission, produces goods, stock warehousing in all enterprise management procedure, carry on to the e-movement and enterprise ...

Keywords: configuration interface subsystem, illegal information detection subsystem, log file, report delivery subsystem, web server, website analysis
429
	
A survey of peer-to-peer security issues
Dan S. Wallach
November 2002 		
ISSS'02: Proceedings of the 2002 Mext-NSF-JSPS international conference on Software security: theories and systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 49

Peer-to-peer (p2p) networking technologies have gained popularity as a mechanism for users to share files without the need for centralized servers. A p2p network provides a scalable and fault-tolerant mechanism to locate nodes anywhere on a network without ...
430
	
Threshold-based intrusion detection in ad hoc networks and secure AODV
A. Patwardhan, J. Parker, M. Iorga, A. Joshi, T. Karygiannis, Y. Yesha
June 2008 		
Ad Hoc Networks , Volume 6 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) play an important role in connecting devices in pervasive environments. MANETs provide inexpensive and versatile communication, yet several challenges remain in addressing their security. So far, numerous schemes have ...

Keywords: Intrusion detection, MANETs, SecAODV, Secure routing
431
	
Internet Web servers: workload characterization and performance implications
Martin F. Arlitt, Carey L. Williamson
October 1997 		
IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking (TON) , Volume 5 Issue 5
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (216.86 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 98,   Downloads (Overall): 1842,    Citation Count: 180

Keywords: World-Wide Web, caching, performance evaluation, workload characterization
432
	
Security and performance in service-oriented applications: Trading off competing objectives
Hangjung Zo, Derek L. Nazareth, Hemant K. Jain
December 2010 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 50 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As service-oriented computing becomes more prevalent, an increasing number of applications will be developed using existing software components with standard interfaces. These components may be developed in-house, may represent purchased software, or ...
Keywords: Application composition, Multiple criteria decision making, Performance, Security, Service-oriented computing
433
	
Forensic data recovery from the Windows Search Database
Howard Chivers, Christopher Hargreaves
April 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 7 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Windows Search maintains a single database of the files, emails, programmes and Internet history of all the users of a personal computer, providing a potentially valuable source of information for a forensic investigator, especially since some information ...
Keywords: Carving, Database, Desktop search, Digital forensics, Microsoft windows
434
	
Real life challenges in access-control management
Lujo Bauer, Lorrie Faith Cranor, Robert W. Reeder, Michael K. Reiter, Kami Vaniea
April 2009 		
CHI '09: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Mp3Mp3 (184941:42 MIN),  Mp4Mp4 (2542594:52 MIN),  PDFPDF (625.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 1142,    Citation Count: 12

In this work we ask the question: what are the challenges of managing a physical or file system access-control policy for a large organization? To answer the question, we conducted a series of interviews with thirteen administrators who manage access-control ...
Keywords: access control, policy creation
435
	
Privacy and the public educator
Melissa Dark, Clewin McPherson
July 2007 		
Proceedings of the 2007 conference on Human interface: Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As of 2003, 99% of K-12 schools in the United States use the Internet. With the increased use of databases and other technologies to manage data in K-12 institutions, an inherent threat to the privacy and confidentiality of that information has also ...

Keywords: privacy perceptions, privacy practices, privacy risk, public education
436
	
UCONLEGAL: a usage control model for HIPAA
Ramya Gopalan, Annie Antón, Jon Doyle
January 2012 		
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (609.57 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 160,    Citation Count:

Developing an access control system that satisfies the requirements expressed in regulations, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), can help ensure regulatory compliance in software systems. A usage control model that ...
Keywords: access control, electronic health records, hipaa-compliance, legal compliance, personal health information, regulatory compliance, software requirements, usage control
437
	
Refereed Papers: Information Systems Audit Trails in Legal Proceedings as Evidence
Caroline Allinson
July 2001 		
Computers and Security , Volume 20 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Australian State and Commonwealth Governments are interested in the collection, storage and presentation of audit trail information, particularly within a legal framework. Law enforcement agencies have a legal obligation to keep audit records of all ...
Keywords: audit trails, computer, court, evidence, information security, investigation, expert witness, law enforcement, policy, survey
438
	
Adaptive Web SitesA Knowledge Extraction from Web Data Approach
Juan D. Velásquez, Vasile Palade
June 2008 		
Proceeding of the 2008 conference on Adaptive Web Sites: A Knowledge Extraction from Web Data Approach
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1
439
	
Data protection and data sharing in telematics
Sastry Duri, Jeffrey Elliott, Marco Gruteser, Xuan Liu, Paul Moskowitz, Ronald Perez, Moninder Singh, Jung-Mu Tang
December 2004 		
Mobile Networks and Applications , Volume 9 Issue 6
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (303.67 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 988,    Citation Count: 4

Automotive telematics may be defined as the information-intensive applications enabled for vehicles by a combination of telecommunications and computing technology. Telematics by its nature requires the capture, storage, and exchange of sensor data to ...

Keywords: automotive telematics, data protection architecture, privacy policies
440
	
A survey on gaps, threat remediation challenges and some thoughts for proactive attack detection in cloud computing
Md. Tanzim Khorshed, A.B.M. Shawkat Ali, Saleh A. Wasimi
June 2012 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 28 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

The long-term potential benefits through reduction of cost of services and improvement of business outcomes make Cloud Computing an attractive proposition these days. To make it more marketable in the wider IT user community one needs to address a variety ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Machine learning, Security, Threats, Trust 
441
	
Generation of human computational models with knowledge engineering
Francisco Campuzano, Teresa Garcia-Valverde, Emilio Serrano, Juan A. Botía
October 2014 		
Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence , Volume 35
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Ambient Intelligence (AmI) paradigm envisions systems whose central entity is the user. AmI integrates technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, implicit Human Computer Interaction, and Ubiquitous Services. Each capability of AmI systems is oriented ...
Keywords: Agent-based social simulation, Ambient intelligence systems engineering, Computational models of humans, Knowledge acquisition, Smart environments fast prototyping and testing
442
	
Tools for worm experimentation on the DETER testbed
Songjie Wei, Alefiya Hussain, Jelena Mirkovic, Calvin Ko
July 2010 		
International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Worm experimentation is challenging for researchers today because of the lack of standardised tools to simulate and emulate worm spreads in a realistic setting. We have developed two tools for the DETER testbed to aid in worm experimentation: the ...
Keywords: LANs, communication networks, distributed systems, emulation, internet worms, local area networks, malware, network testbeds, simulation, worm defence, worm experimentation, worm propagation, worm spread
443
	
Survey A model-based survey of alert correlation techniques
Saeed Salah, Gabriel Maciá-FernáNdez, JesúS E. DíAz-Verdejo
April 2013 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 57 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

As telecommunication networks evolve rapidly in terms of scalability, complexity, and heterogeneity, the efficiency of fault localization procedures and the accuracy in the detection of anomalous behaviors are becoming important factors that largely ...
Keywords: Alert correlation, Fault localization, Intrusion detection systems, Network management systems, SCADA systems
444
	
An architecture for cross-cloud auditing
Rui Xie, Rose Gamble
January 2013 		
CSIIRW '13: Proceedings of the Eighth Annual Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research Workshop
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (494.17 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count: 0

Auditing message exchange in a cloud involves logging interactions between services that are dynamically composed to satisfy a client's request to the cloud. Additional cloud management services are needed to facilitate audit record capture of events ...
Keywords: architecture, audit, cloud, security
445
	
Filtering Security Alerts for the Analysis of a Production SaaS Cloud
Antonio Pecchia, Domenico Cotroneo, Rajeshwari Ganesan, Santonu Sarkar
December 2014 		
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.67 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 5,    Citation Count: 0

Security alerts collected under real workload conditions represent a goldmine of information to protect integrity and confidentiality of a production Cloud. Nevertheless, the volume of runtime alerts overwhelms operations teams and makes forensics hard ...
Keywords: Cloud, SaaS, security, text weighting, filtering
446
	
The Impact of Standards in Web Services Security
Pauline Ratnasingam
April 2014 		
International Journal of Wireless Networks and Broadband Technologies , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet has provided an avenue for businesses to adopt web services. Web services promises scalability, agility, cost reduction, profitability and availability thereby meeting instant gratification needs of web users'. It refers to modular Internet-based ...
Keywords: SOAP, Security, Standards, UDDI, WSCI, WSDL, WSFL, Web Services, XML
447
	
Tiered fault tolerance for long-term integrity
Byung-Gon Chun, Petros Maniatis, Scott Shenker, John Kubiatowicz
February 2009 		
FAST '09: Proccedings of the 7th conference on File and storage technologies
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Fault-tolerant services typically make assumptions about the type and maximum number of faults that they can tolerate while providing their correctness guarantees; when such a fault threshold is violated, correctness is lost. We revisit the notion of ...
448
	
Authenticating operation-based history in collaborative systems
Hien Thi Thu Truong, Claudia-Lavinia Ignat, Pascal Molli
October 2012 		
GROUP '12: Proceedings of the 17th ACM international conference on Supporting group work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (770.24 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 104,    Citation Count: 0

Within last years multi-synchronous collaborative editing systems became widely used. Multi-synchronous collaboration maintains multiple, simultaneous streams of activity which continually diverge and synchronized. These streams of activity are represented ...
Keywords: authenticating logs, authenticators, logs, multi-synchronous collaboration, operation-based history, optimistic replication
449
	
Development of Information Security Baselines for Healthcare Information Systems in New Zealand
Lech Janczewski, Frank Xinli Shi
March 2002 		
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In 1996 New Zealand had introduced security standard AS/NZCS 4444 based on the British Standard BS 7799, which has recently been accepted as an international standard ISO 17799. This standard is very often referred to as the 'baseline lane approach' ...
Keywords: electronic medical records, healthcare information systems, information privacy, information security baselines, security model
450
	
Audit mechanisms for privacy protection in healthcare environments
Jeremiah Blocki, Nicolas Christin, Anupam Datta, Arunesh Sinha
August 2011 		
HealthSec'11: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX conference on Health security and privacy
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We take the position that audit mechanisms are essential for privacy protection in healthcare environments. Although audits are used in practice and commercial tools that provide assistance for audits are emerging, we currently lack rigorous models and ...
451
	
A Visualizable Evidence-Driven Approach for Authorship Attribution
Steven H. H. Ding, Benjamin C. M. Fung, Mourad Debbabi
March 2015 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 17 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.49 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 34,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 144,    Citation Count: 0

The Internet provides an ideal anonymous channel for concealing computer-mediated malicious activities, as the network-based origins of critical electronic textual evidence (e.g., emails, blogs, forum posts, chat logs, etc.) can be easily repudiated. ...
Keywords: Authorship attribution, computational linguistics, cyber forensics, text mining
452
	
NetHost-sensor: Monitoring a target host's application via system calls
A. A. Abimbola, J. M. Munoz, W. J. Buchanan
January 2006 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 11 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Intrusion detection has emerged as an important approach to network, host and application security. Network security includes analysing network packet payload and other inert network packet profiles for intrusive trends; whereas, host security may employ ...

Keywords: Application security, Dynamic link libraries, Host, Intrusion detection, Network, System calls
453
	
Audit-Based Access Control for Electronic Health Records
M. A. C. Dekker, S. Etalle
February 2007 		
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science (ENTCS) , Volume 168
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Traditional access control mechanisms aim to prevent illegal actions a-priori occurrence, i.e. before granting a request for a document. There are scenarios however where the security decision can not be made on the fly. For these settings we developed ...

Keywords: Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems, accountability, audit, distributed access control
454
	
Paranoid penguin: syslog configuration
Mick Bauer
December 2001 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2001 Issue 92
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (21.45 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 386,    Citation Count:
455
	
Risk assessment of production networks using honeynets – some practical experience
Stephan Riebach, Erwin P. Rathgeb, Birger Toedtmann
April 2005 		
ISPEC'05: Proceedings of the First international conference on Information Security Practice and Experience
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Threats for today's production networks range from fully automated worms and viruses to targeted, highly sophisticated multi-phase attacks carried out manually. In order to properly define and dimension appropriate security architectures and policies ...
456
	
Principles and requirements for a secure e-voting system
Dimitris A Gritzalis
October 2002 		
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Electronic voting (e-voting) is considered a means to further enhance and strengthen the democratic processes in modern information societies. E-voting should first comply with the existing legal and regulatory framework. Moreover, e-voting should be ...
Keywords: Digital divide, Electronic voting, Functional requirements, Rational Unified Process, Secure voting, Use cases
457
	
Detection of anomalies from user profiles generated from system logs
Malcolm Corney, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
January 2011 		
AISC '11: Proceedings of the Ninth Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 116 , Volume 116
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (326.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 1

We describe research into the identification of anomalous events and event patterns as manifested in computer system logs. Prototype software has been developed with a capability that identifies anomalous events based on usage patterns or user profiles, ...
Keywords: abstraction, insider misuse, user profiling
458
	
A comprehensive privacy-aware authorization framework founded on HIPAA privacy rules
Ahmed AL Faresi, Duminda Wijesekera, Khaled Moidu
November 2010 		
IHI '10: Proceedings of the 1st ACM International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (672.56 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 287,    Citation Count:

Health care entities publish privacy polices that are aligned with government regulations such as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) and promise to use and disclose health data according to the stated policies. However actual ...
Keywords: access control, ehr, hipaa, itepp, phi, privacy policy
459
	
Feature: Demystifying Intrusion Detection: Sorting through the Confusion, Hyperbole and Misconceptions1
Eugene Schultz
November 2002 		
Network Security , Volume 2002 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
460
	
Software security analysis and assessment model for the web-based applications
Y. Wang, W. M. Lively, D. B. Simmons
April 2009 		
Journal of Computational Methods in Sciences and Engineering , Volume 9 Issue 1,2S2
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

For web-based applications, a security analysis was conducted in order to identify software vulnerabilities and develop a new security assessment model. During such an analysis, the major security vulnerabilities observed in the open web proxy honeypot ...

Keywords: Markov process model, Software security, assessment model, web-based applications 
461
	
Tool review: Network traffic as a source of evidence: tool strengths, weaknesses, and future needs
Eoghan Casey
February 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Digital investigators require specialized knowledge and tools to process network traffic as a source of evidence. Existing open source tools can be used for basic tasks in simple cases but lack the functionality of commercial tools that are specifically ...
Keywords: Computer crime, Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Network investigations, Network traffic
462
	
Integrity in very large information systems: dealing with information risk black swans
Beat Liver, Helmut Kaufmann
June 2013 		
CAiSE'13: Proceedings of the 25th international conference on Advanced Information Systems Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Multi-national enterprises, like financial services companies, operate large and critical information systems around the globe on a 24/7 basis. In an information-based business, even a single inadequately designed, implemented, tested and operated business ...
Keywords: business critical systems, data analytics, information risk management, integrity, service-oriented architecture
463
	
XLRF: A Cross-Layer Intrusion Recovery Framework for Damage Assessment and Recovery Plan Generation
Eunjung Yoon, Peng Liu
November 2013 		
ICICS 2013: 15th International Conference on Information and Communications Security - Volume 8233 , Volume 8233
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Recovering mission-critical systems from intrusion is very challenging, where fast and accurate damage assessment and recovery is vital to ensure business continuity. Existing intrusion recovery approaches mostly focus on a single abstraction layer. ...
Keywords: cross-layer intrusion recovery, dependency graph, recovery plan, system calls
464
	
Security risk assessment: toward a comprehensive practical risk management
Danilo Valeros Bernardo
January 2012 		
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper introduces a unique approach to a more integrated security risk assessment SRA. This is formalised based on the proven mathematical methods described in various articles in the literature and combined with the work developed by the author. ...
465
	
Advances and challenges in log analysis
Adam Oliner, Archana Ganapathi, Wei Xu
February 2012 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 55 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (45.22 KB),  PDFPDF (169.16 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 37,   Downloads (12 Months): 463,   Downloads (Overall): 2031,    Citation Count: 10

Logs contain a wealth of information to help manage systems.
466
	
Toward a general collection methodology for Android devices
Timothy Vidas, Chengye Zhang, Nicolas Christin
August 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Android platform has been deployed across a wide range of devices, predominately mobile phones, bringing unprecedented common software features to a diverse set of devices independent of carrier and manufacturer. Modern digital forensics processes ...
Keywords: Acquisition, Android framework, Collection, Digital forensics, Mobile devices
467
	
Designing and Implementing the OP and OP2 Web Browsers
Chris Grier, Shuo Tang, Samuel T. King
May 2011 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.22 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 647,    Citation Count: 6

Current web browsers are plagued with vulnerabilities, providing hackers with easy access to computer systems via browser-based attacks. Browser security efforts that retrofit existing browsers have had limited success because the design of modern browsers ...
Keywords: OP browser, Web browsing, browser plugin, formal verification, security
468
	
Business process mining from e-commerce web logs
Nicolas Poggi, Vinod Muthusamy, David Carrera, Rania Khalaf
August 2013 		
BPM'13: Proceedings of the 11th international conference on Business Process Management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The dynamic nature of the Web and its increasing importance as an economic platform create the need of new methods and tools for business efficiency. Current Web analytic tools do not provide the necessary abstracted view of the underlying customer processes ...
469
	
Feature: Using DNS to protect networks from threats within
Pat Barnes
March 2014 		
Network Security , Volume 2014 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As ISPs become more prone to sophisticated botnet attacks launched from inside the perimeter of the network, DNS has a crucial role to play in maintaining the integrity of network infrastructure. Legacy 'defence in depth' offerings continue to do a good ...
470
	
Web Usage Mining: Discovery and Use of AIOU Web Usage Patterns
Moiz Uddin Ahmed, Amjad Mahmood
July 2012 		
International Journal of Technology Diffusion , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The technological revolutions have opened up new ways of information and communication. The Internet is growing as a vital source of information in this modern era of technology. The ever increasing volume of information through WWW is creating complexity ...
Keywords: Data Preprocessing, Pattern Analysis, Web Mining, Web usage, World Wide Web
471
	
Getting started with mod_security
Mick Bauer
March 2006 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2006 Issue 143
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (18.13 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 332,    Citation Count:

What's the mod way of securing your Apache-driven Web site?
472
	
Beyond one-third faulty replicas in byzantine fault tolerant systems
Jinyuan Li, David Maziéres
April 2007 		
NSDI'07: Proceedings of the 4th USENIX conference on Networked systems design & implementation
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 25

Byzantine fault tolerant systems behave correctly when no more than f out of 3f + 1 replicas fail. When there are more than f failures, traditional BFT protocols make no guarantees whatsoever. Malicious replicas can make clients ...
473
	
Simulation Study of Firewalls to Aid Improved Performance
Subrata Acharya, Jia Wang, Zihui Ge, Taieb Znati, Albert Greenberg
April 2006 		
ANSS '06: Proceedings of the 39th annual Symposium on Simulation
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (394.56 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 880,    Citation Count: 6

The overall performance of a firewall is crucial in enforcing and administrating security, especially when the network is under attack. The continuous growth of the Internet, coupled with the increasing sophistication of the attacks, is placing stringent ...
474
	
An efficient technique for enhancing forensic capabilities of Ext2 file system
Mridul Sankar Barik, Gaurav Gupta, Shubhro Sinha, Alok Mishra, Chandan Mazumdar
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As electronic documents become more important and valuable in the modern era, attempts are invariably made to take undue-advantage by tampering with them. Tampering with the modification, access and creation date and time stamps (MAC DTS) of digital ...
Keywords: Authentic date and time stamps (ADTS), Computer Frauds and Cyber Crimes (CFCC), Electronic documents, Ext2 file system, Loadable Kernel Module (LKM), Modification access and creation, date and time stamps (MAC DTS)
475
	
Towards an understanding of the impact of advertising on data leaks
Veelasha Moonsamy, Moutaz Alazab, Lynn Batten
March 2012 		
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 7 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Recent investigations have determined that many Android applications in both official and non-official online markets expose details of the user&#39;s mobile phone without user consent. In this paper, for the first time in the research literature, ...
476
	
T-DRE: a hardware trusted computing base for direct recording electronic vote machines
Roberto Gallo, Henrique Kawakami, Ricardo Dahab, Rafael Azevedo, Saulo Lima, Guido Araujo
December 2010 		
ACSAC '10: Proceedings of the 26th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (750.10 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 27,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count:

We present a hardware trusted computing base (TCB) aimed at Direct Recording Voting Machines (T-DRE), with novel design features concerning vote privacy, device verifiability, signed-code execution and device resilience. Our proposal is largely compliant ...
477
	
Assessing insider threats to information security using technical, behavioural and organisational measures
Kuheli Roy Sarkar
August 2010 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 15 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The UK government took a bruising in the headlines (Sep 2008) after a Home Office contractor lost a USB stick containing unencrypted data on all 84,000 prisoners in England and Wales. As a result, the Home Office terminated the @$1.5 million contract ...
478
	
B.Y.O.C (1,342 times and counting)
Poul-Henning Kamp
March 2011 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (13.14 KB),  PDFPDF (311.10 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 1065,   Downloads (Overall): 10707,    Citation Count: 0

Why can't we all use standard libraries for commonly needed algorithms?
479
	
A framework for secure and verifiable logging in public communication networks
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
August 2006 		
CRITIS'06: Proceedings of the First international conference on Critical Information Infrastructures Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper we are focusing on secure logging for public network providers. We review existing security threat models against system logging and we extend these to a new threat model especially suited in the environment of telecommunication network ...
480
	
A correlation method for establishing provenance of timestamps in digital evidence
Bradley Schatz, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
September 2006 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Establishing the time at which a particular event happened is a fundamental concern when relating cause and effect in any forensic investigation. Reliance on computer generated timestamps for correlating events is complicated by uncertainty as to clock ...
Keywords: Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Event correlation, Reverse engineering, Timestamp interpretation 
481
	
Investigating the appropriateness of social network question asking as a resource for blind users
Erin L. Brady, Yu Zhong, Meredith Ringel Morris, Jeffrey P. Bigham
February 2013 		
CSCW '13: Proceedings of the 2013 conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (923.13 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 148,   Downloads (Overall): 386,    Citation Count: 13

Recent work has shown the potential of having remote humans answer visual questions that blind users have. On the surface social networking sites (SNSs) offer an attractive free source of human-powered answers that can be personalized to the user. In ...
Keywords: blind users, friendsourcing, q&a, social networks, visual impairment
482
	
"Out-of-the-Box" monitoring of VM-based high-interaction honeypots
Xuxian Jiang, Xinyuan Wang
September 2007 		
RAID'07: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 20

Honeypot has been an invaluable tool for the detection and analysis of network-based attacks by either human intruders or automated malware in the wild. The insights obtained by deploying honeypots, especially high-interaction ones, largely rely on the ...
483
	
Taxonomy and proposed architecture of intrusion detection and prevention systems for cloud computing
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino Júnior
December 2012 		
CSS'12: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cyberspace Safety and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are deemed largely inefficient to be deployed ...
Keywords: architecture, autonomic techniques, cloud computing, intrusion detection, intrusion prevention, taxonomy
484
	
Kernel korner: filesystem labeling in SELinux
James Morris
October 2004 		
Linux Journal , Volume 2004 Issue 126
Publisher: Specialized Systems Consultants, Inc.
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (25.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 331,    Citation Count: 3
485
	
Web robot detection techniques: overview and limitations
Derek Doran, Swapna S. Gokhale
January 2011 		
Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery , Volume 22 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Most modern Web robots that crawl the Internet to support value-added services and technologies possess sophisticated data collection and analysis capabilities. Some of these robots, however, may be ill-behaved or malicious, and hence, may impose a significant ...
Keywords: WWW, Web Crawler, Web Robot, Web Robot Detection, Web User Classification
486
	
Visual filter: graphical exploration of network security log files
Jan-Erik Stange, Marian Dörk, Johannes Landstorfer, Reto Wettach
November 2014 		
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.66 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 94,   Downloads (Overall): 94,    Citation Count: 0

Network log files often need to be investigated manually for suspicious activity. The huge amount of log lines complicates maintaining an overview, navigation and quick pattern identification. We propose a system that uses an interactive visualization, ...
Keywords: dynamic querying, exploratory search, human pattern recognition, overview and detail, visual filter
487
	
Proposing a hybrid-intelligent framework to secure e-government web applications
Asaad Moosa, Eanas Muhsen Alsaffar
December 2008 		
ICEGOV '08: Proceedings of the 2nd international conference on Theory and practice of electronic governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (343.70 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 545,    Citation Count:

One of the essential needs to implement a successful e-Government web application is security. Web application firewalls (WAF) are the most important tool to secure web applications against the increasing number of web application attacks nowadays. WAFs ...
Keywords: blacklist, e-government, fuzzy logic, negative logic based filtering, neural networks, positive logic based filtering, session based filtering, web application, web application firewalls, whitelist
488
	
Security Issues in Mobile Agent Applications
O. A. Ojesanmi
October 2010 		
International Journal of Agent Technologies and Systems , Volume 2 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

An autonomous mobile agent is an executing program that can migrate from machine to machine in a heterogeneous network under its own control. An agent can either follow a pre-assigned path on the network or determine its itinerary based on the data collected ...
Keywords: Autonomous, Computing, Data, High Latency, Mobile Agent, Network, Program, Security
489
	
Horizon extender: long-term preservation of data leakage evidence in web traffic
David Gugelmann, Dominik Schatzmann, Vincent Lenders
May 2013 		
ASIA CCS '13: Proceedings of the 8th ACM SIGSAC symposium on Information, computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (431.53 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 35,   Downloads (Overall): 106,    Citation Count: 0

This paper presents Horizon Extender, a system for long-term preservation of data leakage evidence in enterprise networks. In contrast to classical network intrusion detection systems that keep only packet records of suspicious traffic (black-listing), ...
Keywords: aggregation, data leakage, incident investigation, network forensics, network security
490
	
Curriculum development related to information security policies and procedures
Allyson Mader, S. Srinivasan
September 2005 		
InfoSecCD '05: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (72.99 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 27,   Downloads (Overall): 1457,    Citation Count: 0

Policies and procedures communicate and control access to information assets and other resources. Developing effective policies and procedures involves understanding the environment within which one is working. They should encompass multiple layers. ...
Keywords: business continuity, disaster recovery, privacy, risk assessment, security policy
491
	
Cyber-risk decision models: To insure IT or not?
Arunabha Mukhopadhyay, Samir Chatterjee, Debashis Saha, Ambuj Mahanti, Samir K. Sadhukhan
December 2013 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 56
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Security breaches adversely impact profit margins, market capitalization and brand image of an organization. Global organizations resort to the use of technological devices to reduce the frequency of a security breach. To minimize the impact of financial ...
Keywords: Bayesian Belief Network, Copula, Cyber-insurance, Cyber-risk, Premium, Security breach, Utility models
492
	
Forensic implications of System Resource Usage Monitor (SRUM) data in Windows 8
Yogesh Khatri
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Microsoft Windows 8 operating system has a newly added feature to track system resource usage, specifically process and network metrics over time. Process related information such as process owner, CPU cycles used, data bytes read/written, and network ...
Keywords: Forensics, Process metrics, SRUM, System Resource Usage Monitor, Windows 8
493
	
User and Device Tracking in Private Networks by Correlating Logs: A System for Responsive Forensic Analysis
Swati Chaudhari, Hitendra Chauhan, S. S. Tomar, Anil Rawat
April 2014 		
CSNT '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Fourth International Conference on Communication Systems and Network Technologies
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

IP address of a device, from where an offending activity was performed, is of limited value, because it does not specify a physical device/user, but an endpoint in network. It is useful to have information about where a device/user was at the time the ...
Keywords: DHCP, Logs, NAC, data monitoring and analysis tool, email, security logs, squid
494
	
Auditing a DRE-based election in South Carolina
D. A. Buell, E. Hare, F. Heindel, C. Moore, B. Zia
August 2011 		
EVT/WOTE'11: Proceedings of the 2011 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Following a highly publicized and anomalous outcome in the South Carolina statewide Democratic primary South Carolina in June 2010, the authors undertook to audit the election results based on data obtainable through the Freedom of Information Act. The ...
495
	
Understanding and protecting privacy: formal semantics and principled audit mechanisms
Anupam Datta, Jeremiah Blocki, Nicolas Christin, Henry DeYoung, Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Dilsun Kaynar, Arunesh Sinha
December 2011 		
ICISS'11: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Privacy has become a significant concern in modern society as personal information about individuals is increasingly collected, used, and shared, often using digital technologies, by a wide range of organizations. Certain information handling practices ...
496
	
Geotagging in multimedia and computer vision--a survey
Jiebo Luo, Dhiraj Joshi, Jie Yu, Andrew Gallagher
January 2011 		
Multimedia Tools and Applications , Volume 51 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 29

Geo-tagging is a fast-emerging trend in digital photography and community photo sharing. The presence of geographically relevant metadata with images and videos has opened up interesting research avenues within the multimedia and computer vision domains. ...
Keywords: Context, GPS, Geotagging, Location, Multimedia, Recognition
497
	
An Information Visualization Framework for Intrusion Detection
Anita Komlodi, John R. Goodall, Wayne G. Lutters
April 2004 		
CHI EA '04: CHI '04 Extended Abstracts on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (48.36 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 739,    Citation Count: 14

Keywords: User studies, design implications, information visualization, interaction design, intrusion detection
498
	
Hypervisor event logs as a source of consistent virtual machine evidence for forensic cloud investigations
Sean Thorpe, Indrajit Ray, Tyrone Grandison, Abbie Barbir, Robert France
July 2013 		
DBSec'13: Proceedings of the 27th international conference on Data and Applications Security and Privacy XXVII
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud Computing is an emerging model of computing where users can leverage the computing infrastructure as a service stack or commodity. The security and privacy concerns of this infrastructure arising from the large co-location of tenants are, however, ...
499
	
Development of information security-focused incident prevention measures for critical information infrastructure in Japan
Hideaki Kobayashi, Kenji Watanabe, Takahito Watanabe, Yukinobu Nagayasu
September 2009 		
CRITIS'09: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Critical information infrastructures security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In recent years, the dilemma of cyber attacks by malicious third parties targeting security vulnerabilities in information and communication systems has emerged, resulting in security incidents. This situation suggests that the establishment of proactive ...
Keywords: critical information infrastructure security, information security, security incidents, security vulnerabilities
500
	
Private data management in collaborative environments
Larry Korba, Ronggong Song, George Yee, Andrew S. Patrick, Scott Buffett, Yunli Wang, Liqiang Geng
September 2007 		
CDVE'07: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cooperative design, visualization, and engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Organizations are under increasing pressures to manage all of the personal data concerning their customers and employees in a responsible manner. With the advancement of information and communication technologies, improved collaboration, and the pressures ...

Keywords: compliance, privacy, social network analysis, workflow 
501
	
Strong accountability for network storage
Aydan R. Yumerefendi, Jeffrey S. Chase
October 2007 		
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (620.65 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 824,    Citation Count: 24

This article presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of CATS, a network storage service with strong accountability properties. CATS offers a simple web services interface that allows clients to read and write opaque objects of variable size. ...

Keywords: Accountable services, accountability, accountable storage
502
	
Performance analysis of Bayesian networks and neural networks in classification of file system activities
Muhammad Naeem Ahmed Khan
June 2012 		
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Precise comprehension of a file system state at any given time is vital for performing digital forensic analyses. To uncover evidence of the digital crime, the logical representation of file system activities helps reconstruct post-event timeline of ...
Keywords: Bayesian decision theory, Bayesian learning, Computer forensic analysis, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Neural networks
503
	
Experiences with workload management in splunk
Ledion Bitincka, Archana Ganapathi, Steve Zhang
September 2012 		
MBDS '12: Proceedings of the 2012 workshop on Management of big data systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.02 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 0

Organizations are constantly overwhelmed with challenges of big data management resulting from data floods produced by various computer systems and components. Mining this data deluge can produce invaluable insights for the busi- ness and for operations. ...
Keywords: mbds
504
	
Data mining technique for collaborative server log file analysis
Jelena Mamcenko, Regina Kulvietiene
July 2005 		
ICCOM'05: Proceedings of the 9th WSEAS International Conference on Communications
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Most people, companies and organizations put information on the Web because they want it to be seen by the world. Their goal is to have visitors come to the site, feel comfortable and stay awhile. The goal of Vilnius Technical University Information ...

Keywords: access log, clustering, data mining, demographic clustering, intelligent analysis, intelligent miner for data
505
	
The growing need for on-scene triage of mobile devices
Richard P. Mislan, Eoghan Casey, Gary C. Kessler
May 2010 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 6 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The increasing number of mobile devices being submitted to Digital Forensic Laboratories (DFLs) is creating a backlog that can hinder investigations and negatively impact public safety and the criminal justice system. In a military context, delays in ...
Keywords: Cell phone forensics, Mobile device forensics, Mobile device technician, On-scene triage inspection
506
	
QuickRec: prototyping an intel architecture extension for record and replay of multithreaded programs
Gilles Pokam, Klaus Danne, Cristiano Pereira, Rolf Kassa, Tim Kranich, Shiliang Hu, Justin Gottschlich, Nima Honarmand, Nathan Dautenhahn, Samuel T. King, Josep Torrellas
June 2013 		
ISCA '13: Proceedings of the 40th Annual International Symposium on Computer Architecture
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (437.19 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 90,   Downloads (Overall): 301,    Citation Count: 4

There has been significant interest in hardware-assisted deterministic Record and Replay (RnR) systems for multithreaded programs on multiprocessors. However, no proposal has implemented this technique in a hardware prototype with full operating system ...
Keywords: FPGA prototype, deterministic record and replay, hardware-software interface, shared memory multiprocessors
507
	
Web search query privacy: Evaluating query obfuscation and anonymizing networks
Sai Teja Peddinti, Nitesh Saxena
January 2014 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 22 Issue 1
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Web Search is one of the most rapidly growing applications on the internet today. However, the current practice followed by most search engines --of logging and analyzing users' queries --raises serious privacy concerns. In this paper, we concentrate ...
Keywords: Anonymizing Networks, Query Obfuscation, Search Privacy
508
	
Generalizing database forensics
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
June 2013 		
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 38 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (638.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 103,   Downloads (Overall): 368,    Citation Count: 0

In this article we present refinements on previously proposed approaches to forensic analysis of database tampering. We significantly generalize the basic structure of these algorithms to admit new characterizations of the “where” axis of ...
Keywords: Compliant records, Monochromatic Algorithm, a3D Algorithm, attribute-based partitioning, corruption event taxonomy, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic analysis protocol, forensic cost, page-based partitioning
509
	
Security Logs: Security Log Management
Colin Lobo
November 2003 		
Network Security , Volume 2003 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Have your systems been configured to write events to the system logs? Most people would answer ''Yes''. Are they using the standard default settings? The answer to this will vary. How often are the logs examined? Most people would answer only ''when ...
510
	
Robust signatures for kernel data structures
Brendan Dolan-Gavitt, Abhinav Srivastava, Patrick Traynor, Jonathon Giffin
November 2009 		
CCS '09: Proceedings of the 16th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (609.59 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 628,    Citation Count: 26

Kernel-mode rootkits hide objects such as processes and threads using a technique known as Direct Kernel Object Manipulation (DKOM). Many forensic analysis tools attempt to detect these hidden objects by scanning kernel memory with handmade signatures; ...

Keywords: data structures, memory analysis, security
511
	
Efficient auditing for complex SQL queries
Raghav Kaushik, Ravi Ramamurthy
June 2011 		
SIGMOD '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of data
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.60 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 46,   Downloads (Overall): 526,    Citation Count: 5

We address the problem of data auditing that asks for an audit trail of all users and queries that potentially breached information about sensitive data. A lot of the previous work in data auditing has focused on providing strong privacy guarantees and ...
Keywords: access control, auditing, privacy, query processing, security
512
	
Forensic course development
Luther Troell, Yin Pan, Bill Stackpole
October 2003 		
CITC4 '03: Proceedings of the 4th conference on Information technology curriculum
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (190.94 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 1977,    Citation Count: 5

In recent years, digital technology has experienced dramatic growth. Many of these advances have also provided malicious users with the ability to conceal their activities and destroy evidence of their actions. This has raised the need of developing ...

Keywords: IT education, computer forensics, curriculum development, information assurance, intrusion detection
513
	
Review: A survey of network flow applications
Bingdong Li, Jeff Springer, George Bebis, Mehmet Hadi Gunes
March 2013 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 2
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

It has been over 16 years since Cisco's NetFlow was patented in 1996. Extensive research has been conducted since then and many applications have been developed. In this survey, we have reviewed an extensive number of studies with emphasis on network ...
Keywords: Machine learning, NetFlow, Network security, Network traffic analysis, sFlow
514
	
Information security: examining and managing the insider threat
Michael D. Carroll
September 2006 		
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (33.20 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 1116,    Citation Count: 1

This work is an exposition of the internal personnel threat to information security. It provides a brief overview of and how to manage the insider threat from an undergraduate perspective. This document explains the threat of the members of an organization ...
Keywords: insider threat
515
	
Integrity of electronic voting systems: fallacious use of cryptography
Seda Davtyan, Aggelos Kiayias, Laurent Michel, Alexander Russell, Alexander A. Shvartsman
March 2012 		
SAC '12: Proceedings of the 27th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.96 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count:

In recent years, electronic voting systems have been deployed in all U.S. elections. Despite the fact that cryptographic integrity checks are used in most such systems, several reports have documented serious security vulnerabilities of electronic voting ...
516
	
Defining security services for electronic tendering
Rong Du, Ernest Foo, Colin Boyd, Brian Fitzgerald
January 2004 		
ACSW Frontiers '04: Proceedings of the second workshop on Australasian information security, Data Mining and Web Intelligence, and Software Internationalisation - Volume 32 , Volume 32
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (210.31 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 1289,    Citation Count: 4

A major step is required to integrate critical legal requirements into e-tendering system design. The current systems using ad-hoc security mechanisms do not meet the legal requirements for forming a complex electronic contract. This paper analyses the ...
Keywords: e-commerce, e-contract, e-tendering procedure, electronic tendering, legal obligations, security mechanisms, security policies, security services
517
	
Decoupling dynamic program analysis from execution in virtual environments
Jim Chow, Tal Garfinkel, Peter M. Chen
June 2008 		
ATC'08: USENIX 2008 Annual Technical Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 50

Analyzing the behavior of running programs has a wide variety of compelling applications, from intrusion detection and prevention to bug discovery. Unfortunately, the high runtime overheads imposed by complex analysis techniques makes their deployment ...
518
	
The architecture of a digital forensic readiness management system
K. Reddy, H. S. Venter
February 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 32
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A coordinated approach to digital forensic readiness (DFR) in a large organisation requires the management and monitoring of a wide variety of resources, both human and technical. The resources involved in DFR in large organisations typically include ...
Keywords: Digital forensic management system, Digital forensic readiness, Forensic readiness, Management of digital forensic readiness, Management of forensics, Organisational forensic readiness
519
	
AndWellness: an open mobile system for activity and experience sampling
John Hicks, Nithya Ramanathan, Donnie Kim, Mohamad Monibi, Joshua Selsky, Mark Hansen, Deborah Estrin
October 2010 		
WH '10: Wireless Health 2010
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (710.00 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 89,   Downloads (Overall): 612,    Citation Count: 16

Advances in mobile phone technology have allowed phones to become a convenient platform for real-time assessment of a participants health and behavior. AndWellness, a personal data collection system, uses mobile phones to collect and analyze data from ...
Keywords: experience sampling method (ESM), in situ data collection, mobile computing, system architecture, wireless health monitoring
520
	
In-situ MapReduce for log processing
Dionysios Logothetis, Chris Trezzo, Kevin C. Webb, Kenneth Yocum
June 2011 		
USENIXATC'11: Proceedings of the 2011 USENIX conference on USENIX annual technical conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 18

Log analytics are a bedrock component of running many of today's Internet sites. Application and click logs form the basis for tracking and analyzing customer behaviors and preferences, and they form the basic inputs to ad-targeting algorithms. Logs ... 
521
	
Trusted computing enhanced user authentication with OpenID and trustworthy user interface
Andreas Leicher, Andreas U. Schmidt, Yogendra Shah, Inhyok Cha
October 2011 		
International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Trusted computing, used as a security technology, can establish trust between multiple parties. One implementation of trusted computing technology standardised by the Trusted Computing Group is the trusted platform module (TPM). We build on the security ...
522
	
Advances in the protection of critical infrastructure by improvement in industrial control system security
Thomas H. Morris, Rayford B. Vaughn, Elena Sitnikova
January 2013 		
AISC '13: Proceedings of the Eleventh Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 138 , Volume 138
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (532.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 138,    Citation Count: 0

This paper describes an international research effort that has been working toward identification of vulnerabilities in industrial control systems, mitigation strategies to address vulnerabilities, and development of tools to prevent intrusion on such ...
523
	
Detecting Roles and Anomalies in Hospital Access Audit Logs
Carl Gunter
November 2014 		
SafeConfig '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Workshop on Cyber Security Analytics, Intelligence and Automation
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (343.09 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 23,    Citation Count: 0

There is significant risk in denying access to a healthcare provider who seeks to examine a patient's medical record. For this reason, hospital access control systems are generally based on optimistic security in which providers are given broad permissions; ...
Keywords: access control, health information technology, log analytics, role mining, security automation
524
	
Episodic memory for ubiquitous multimedia contents management system
Kyung-Joong Kim, Myung-Chul Jung, Sung-Bae Cho
June 2007 		
IEA/AIE'07: Proceedings of the 20th international conference on Industrial, engineering, and other applications of applied intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently, mobile devices are regarded as a content storage with their functions such as camera, camcorder, and music player. It creates massive new data and downloads contents from desktop or wireless internet. Because of the massive size of digital ...
525
	
Forenscope: a framework for live forensics
Ellick Chan, Shivaram Venkataraman, Francis David, Amey Chaugule, Roy Campbell
December 2010 		
ACSAC '10: Proceedings of the 26th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (316.10 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 549,    Citation Count: 4

Current post-mortem cyber-forensic techniques may cause significant disruption to the evidence gathering process by breaking active network connections and unmounting encrypted disks. Although newer live forensic analysis tools can preserve active state, ...
Keywords: forensics, introspection, memory remanence
526
	
Recovery of circumstantial digital evidence leading to an Anton Piller order: a case study
Roland MacKenzie, Matthew Sorell
January 2008 		
e-Forensics '08: Proceedings of the 1st international conference on Forensic applications and techniques in telecommunications, information, and multimedia and workshop
Publisher: ICST (Institute for Computer Sciences, Social-Informatics and Telecommunications Engineering)
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (235.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 172,    Citation Count:

The authors describe the techniques used to gather and analyse evidence of theft of intellectual property, specifically the customer records of their client, by a former employee, for the purpose of obtaining an Anton Piller order to seize records from ...
Keywords: Anton Piller order, case study, circumstantial evidence, data carving, forensics, intellectual property theft
527
	
GitBAC: Flexible access control for non-modular concerns
Mark Robinson, Jianwei Niu, Macneil Shonle
November 2011 		
ASE '11: Proceedings of the 2011 26th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (284.77 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 40,    Citation Count:

Today's techniques for controlling access to software artifacts are limited to restricting access to whole files and directories. But when a company's access control policy does not match a project's existing physical modularization, these techniques ...
528
	
Achieving Accountable MapReduce in cloud computing
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
January 2014 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 30
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

MapReduce is a programming model that is capable of processing large data sets in distributed computing environments. The original MapReduce model was designed to be fault-tolerant in case of various network abnormalities. However, fault-tolerance does ...
Keywords: Accountable, Cloud computing, MapReduce
529
	
Nymble: anonymous IP-address blocking
Peter C. Johnson, Apu Kapadia, Patrick P. Tsang, Sean W. Smith
June 2007 		
PET'07: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Privacy enhancing technologies
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 20

Anonymizing networks such as Tor allow users to access Internet services privately using a series of routers to hide the client's IP address from the server. Tor's success, however, has been limited by users employing this anonymity for abusive purposes, ...
530
	
The optimization of situational awareness for insider threat detection
Kenneth Brancik, Gabriel Ghinita
February 2011 		
CODASPY '11: Proceedings of the first ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (475.19 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 78,   Downloads (Overall): 666,    Citation Count:

In recent years, organizations ranging from defense and other government institutions to commercial enterprises, research labs, etc., have witnessed an increasing amount of sophisticated insider attacks that manage to bypass existing security controls. ...
Keywords: data exfiltration, insider threat
531
	
Data mining and machine learning-Towards reducing false positives in intrusion detection
Tadeusz Pietraszek, Axel Tanner
January 2005 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 10 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs) are used to monitor computer systems for signs of security violations. Having detected such signs, IDSs trigger alerts to report them. These alerts are presented to a human analyst, who evaluates them and initiates ...
532
	
Securing distributed storage: challenges, techniques, and systems
Vishal Kher, Yongdae Kim
November 2005 		
StorageSS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM workshop on Storage security and survivability
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (294.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 92,   Downloads (Overall): 2491,    Citation Count: 19

The rapid increase of sensitive data and the growing number of government regulations that require longterm data retention and protection have forced enterprises to pay serious attention to storage security. In this paper, we discuss important security ...
Keywords: authorization, confidentiality, integrity, intrusion detection, privacy
533
	
LogGC: garbage collecting audit log
Kyu Hyung Lee, Xiangyu Zhang, Dongyan Xu
November 2013 		
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.14 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 77,   Downloads (Overall): 166,    Citation Count: 0

System-level audit logs capture the interactions between applications and the runtime environment. They are highly valuable for forensic analysis that aims to identify the root cause of an attack, which may occur long ago, or to determine the ramifications ...
Keywords: attack provenance, audit log, garbage collection, reverse engineering
534
	
Storage and retrieval of system log events using a structured schema based on message type transformation
Adetokunbo Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios
March 2011 		
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (526.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count:

Message types are semantic groupings of the free form messages in system log events. The message types that exist in a log file, if known, can be used in several log management and analysis tasks. In this work, we explore the use of message types as ...
Keywords: data storage, event log management, event log mining, network control and management, retrieval, systems administration
535
	
MieLog: A Highly Interactive Visual Log Browser Using Information Visualization and Statistical Analysis
November 2002 		
LISA '02: Proceedings of the 16th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 14

System administration has become an increasingly important function, with the fundamental task being the inspection of computer log-files. It is not, however, easy to perform such tasks for two reasons. One is the high recognition load of log contents ...
536
	
Review: Intrusion detection system: A comprehensive review
Hung-Jen Liao, Chun-Hung Richard Lin, Ying-Chih Lin, Kuang-Yuan Tung
January 2013 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

With the increasing amount of network throughput and security threat, the study of intrusion detection systems (IDSs) has received a lot of attention throughout the computer science field. Current IDSs pose challenges on not only capricious intrusion ...
Keywords: Anomaly, Intrusion detection, Misuse
537
	
Electronic government procurement implementation in India: a cross sectional study
Prabir Panda, G. P. Sahu
December 2015 		
International Journal of Business Information Systems , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In the recent past, electronic procurement has drawn lots of attention in India due to its potential of bringing transparency and efficiency in public purchases. The Government of India launched National E-Government Plan in 2006 with e-procurement as ...
538
	
Mobile-Sandbox: combining static and dynamic analysis with machine-learning techniques
Michael Spreitzenbarth, Thomas Schreck, Florian Echtler, Daniel Arp, Johannes Hoffmann
April 2015 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 14 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Smartphones in general and Android in particular are increasingly shifting into the focus of cyber criminals. For understanding the threat to security and privacy, it is important for security researchers to analyze malicious software written for these ...
Keywords: Android, Automated analysis, Machine learning, Malware
539
	
Review: An intrusion detection and prevention system in cloud computing: A systematic review
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino JúNior
January 2013 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are largely inefficient to be deployed in cloud ...
Keywords: Alarm correlation, Cloud computing, Intrusion detection and prevention, System requirements, Taxonomy
540
	
Visualizing PHPIDS log files for better understanding of web server attacks
Mansour Alsaleh, Abdullah Alqahtani, Abdulrahman Alarifi, AbdulMalik Al-Salman
October 2013 		
VizSec '13: Proceedings of the Tenth Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.05 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 392,    Citation Count: 0

The prevalence and severity of application-layer vulnerabilities increase dramatically their corresponding attacks. In this paper, we present an extension to PHPIDS, an open source intrusion detection and prevention system for PHP-based web applications, ...
Keywords: intrusion detection systems, log visualization, network monitoring, security data visualization, web server attacks 
541
	
An empirical investigation of Web session workloads: Can self-similarity be explained by deterministic chaos?
Scott Dick, Omolbanin Yazdanbaksh, Xiuli Tang, Toan Huynh, James Miller
January 2014 		
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 50 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Several studies of Web server workloads have hypothesized that these workloads are self-similar. The explanation commonly advanced for this phenomenon is that the distribution of Web server requests may be heavy-tailed. However, there is another possible ...
Keywords: Chaos theory, Nonlinear time series analysis, Session workload, Traffic modeling, Web traffic
542
	
A hybrid method for patterns mining and outliers detection in the web usage log
Mikhail Petrovskiy
May 2003 		
AWIC'03: Proceedings of the 1st international Atlantic web intelligence conference on Advances in web intelligence
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

This paper presents a novel approach to mining patterns and outliers detection in the Web Usage log. This approach involves kernel methods and fuzzy clustering methods. Web log records are considered as vectors with numeric and nominal attributes. These ...
543
	
Livemaps for collection awareness
DORON COHEN, MICHAL JACOVI, YOELLE S. MAAREK, VLADIMIR SOROKA
January 2002 		
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 56 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

With the increasing proliferation of chat applications on the web, the old vision of “adding people” to the web is becoming a reality. Along with collaboration tools, more and more sites offer people awareness mechanisms to let the site visitors ...
544
	
Collapsar: a VM-based architecture for network attack detention center
Xuxian Jiang, Dongyan Xu
August 2004 		
SSYM'04: Proceedings of the 13th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 13 , Volume 13
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 29

The honeypot has emerged as an effective tool to provide insights into new attacks and current exploitation trends. Though effective, a single honeypot or multiple independently operated honeypots only provide a limited local view of network attacks. ...
545
	
Forensic discovery auditing of digital evidence containers
Golden G. Richard, III, Vassil Roussev, Lodovico Marziale
June 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Current digital forensics methods capture, preserve, and analyze digital evidence in general-purpose electronic containers (typically, plain files) with no dedicated support to help establish that the evidence has been properly handled. Auditing of a ...
Keywords: Digital evidence containers Auditing, Digital forensics, Filesystems, Operating systems internals
546
	
Multi-stage replay with crosscut
Jim Chow, Dominic Lucchetti, Tal Garfinkel, Geoffrey Lefebvre, Ryan Gardner, Joshua Mason, Sam Small, Peter M. Chen
March 2010 		
VEE '10: Proceedings of the 6th ACM SIGPLAN/SIGOPS international conference on Virtual execution environments
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (417.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 25,   Downloads (Overall): 347,    Citation Count: 6

Deterministic record-replay has many useful applications, ranging from fault tolerance and forensics to reproducing and diagnosing bugs. When choosing a record-replay solution, the system administrator must choose a priori how comprehensively to record ...

Keywords: design, experimentation, performance, replay, security, virtual machines
547
	
System log summarization via semi-Markov models of inter-arrival times
Erik Ferragut, Nicole Braden
October 2011 		
CSIIRW '11: Proceedings of the Seventh Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (122.04 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 52,    Citation Count:
548
	
Computer forensics laboratory and tools
Guillermo A. Francia, Keion Clinton
June 2005 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 20 Issue 6
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (244.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 3289,    Citation Count: 0

The pervasiveness and the convenience of information technology tend to make most of society deeply dependent on the availability computers and network systems. As our reliance on such systems grows, so does our exposure to its vulnerabilities. Day after ...
549
	
Internal Access Controls
Geetanjali Sampemane
November 2014 		
Queue , Volume 12 Issue 11
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (16.95 KB),  PDFPDF (128.64 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 932,   Downloads (12 Months): 8966,   Downloads (Overall): 8966,    Citation Count: 0

Trust, but Verify
550
	
Governing big data: principles and practices
P. Malik
May 2013 		
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 57 Issue 3-4
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As data-intensive decision making is being increasingly adopted by businesses, governments, and other agencies around the world, most organizations encountering a very large amount and variety of data are still contemplating and assessing their readiness ...
551
	
Advanced evidence collection and analysis of web browser activity
Junghoon Oh, Seungbong Lee, Sangjin Lee
August 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A Web browser is an essential application program for accessing the Internet. If a suspect uses the Internet as a source of information, the evidence related to the crime would be saved in the log file of the Web browser. Therefore, investigating the ...
Keywords: Integrated timeline analysis, Restoration of deleted web browser information, Search word analysis, URL decoding, Web browser forensics
552
	
UNICORN: misuse detection for UNICOS
Gary G. Christoph, Kathleen A. Jackson, Michael C. Neuman, Christine L. B. Siciliano, Dennis D. Simmonds, Cathy A. Stallings, Joseph L. Thompson
December 1995 		
Supercomputing '95: Proceedings of the 1995 ACM/IEEE conference on Supercomputing (CDROM)
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (43.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 242,    Citation Count: 3

An effective method for detecting computer misuse is the automatic auditing and analysis of on-line user activity. This activity is reflected in the system audit record, by changes in the vulnerability posture of the system configuration, and in other ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, computer misuse, auditing, UNICOS, computer security, hacking, intrusion detection, security logs
553
	
Security-Aware, Model-Based Systems Engineering with SysML
Robert Oates, Fran Thom, Graham Herries
September 2013 		
ICS-CSR 2013: Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on ICS & SCADA Cyber Security Research 2013
Publisher: BCS
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.40 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 2,   Downloads (Overall): 2,    Citation Count: 1

Addressing the cyber security demands of industrial control systems is a challenging task as the systems are typically built from equipment with limited computational power and integrated into highly complex, infrastructure-critical systems. To ensure ...
Keywords: Industrial control systems, SysML, Systems Engineering
554
	
Secure log management for privacy assurance in electronic communications
Vassilios Stathopoulos, Panayiotis Kotzanikolaou, Emmanouil Magkos
December 2008 		
Computers and Security , Volume 27 Issue 7-8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper we examine logging security in the environment of electronic communication providers. We review existing security threat models for system logging and we extend these to a new security model especially suited for communication network providers, ...
Keywords: Digital signatures, Integrity, Internal attacks, Network providers, System logging
555
	
Usage-based statistical testing of web applications
Jianhua Hao, Emilia Mendes
July 2006 		
ICWE '06: Proceedings of the 6th international conference on Web engineering
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (251.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 165,   Downloads (Overall): 1863,    Citation Count: 3

The large growth in the number of large Web applications currently developed brings concerns related to their quality, and more specifically their testing and reliability. Web application testing is still in its infancy and relies mostly upon traditional ...
Keywords: experimentation, statistical testing, unified Markov Models, web application reliability, web application testing
556
	
"I know what you did last summer": query logs and user privacy
Rosie Jones, Ravi Kumar, Bo Pang, Andrew Tomkins
November 2007 		
CIKM '07: Proceedings of the sixteenth ACM conference on Conference on information and knowledge management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (204.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 801,    Citation Count: 37

We investigate the subtle cues to user identity that may be exploited in attacks on the privacy of users in web search query logs. We study the application of simple classifiers to map a sequence of queries into the gender, age, and location of the user ...
Keywords: k-anonymity, privacy, query log analysis
557
	
Characterizing the influence of domain expertise on web search behavior
Ryen W. White, Susan T. Dumais, Jaime Teevan
February 2009 		
WSDM '09: Proceedings of the Second ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (813.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 71,   Downloads (Overall): 932,    Citation Count: 57

Domain experts search differently than people with little or no domain knowledge. Previous research suggests that domain experts employ different search strategies and are more successful in finding what they are looking for than non-experts. In this ...

Keywords: domain expertise, web search
558
	
Development of a legal framework for intrusion detection
Steven R. Johnston
October 2002 		
RAID'02: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Recent advances in intrusion detection
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

To meet demands for increased interconnectivity, efficiency or competitiveness, organizations increasingly rely on technology. This trend creates significant opportunities to improve service delivery and to move into new areas of endeavour. But reliance ...

Keywords: anti-terrorism law, criminal law, interception, intrusion detection, privacy, private communications, wiretap
559
	
Verifiable audit trails for a versioning file system
Randal Burns, Zachary Peterson, Giuseppe Ateniese, Stephen Bono
November 2005 		
StorageSS '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM workshop on Storage security and survivability
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (153.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 667,    Citation Count: 3

We present constructs that create, manage, and verify digital audit trails for versioning file systems. Based upon a small amount of data published to a third party, a file system commits to a version history. At a later date, an auditor uses the published ...
Keywords: electronic records, secure audit, versioning file systems
560
	
A model-integrated authoring environment for privacy policies
Andras Nadas, Tihamer Levendovszky, Ethan K. Jackson, Istvan Madari, Janos Sztipanovits
September 2014 		
Science of Computer Programming , Volume 89 Issue PB
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy policies are rules designed to ensure that individuals' health data are properly protected. Health Information Systems (HIS) are legally required to adhere to these policies. Since privacy policies are imposed on complex software systems, it ...
Keywords: Constraint logic programming, Model-integrated computing, Privacy policies 
561
	
Securing vehicles against cyber attacks
Ulf E. Larson, Dennis K. Nilsson
May 2008 		
CSIIRW '08: Proceedings of the 4th annual workshop on Cyber security and information intelligence research: developing strategies to meet the cyber security and information intelligence challenges ahead
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (188.37 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 1099,    Citation Count: 3

The automobile industry has grown to become an integral part of our everyday life. As vehicles evolve, the primarily mechanical solutions for vehicle control are gradually replaced by electronics and software solutions forming in-vehicle computer networks. ...

Keywords: challenges, outlook, security, security challenges for in-vehicle networks, vehicle, wireless communication
562
	
Prioritizing intrusion analysis using Dempster-Shafer theory
Loai Zomlot, Sathya Chandran Sundaramurthy, Kui Luo, Xinming Ou, S. Raj Rajagopalan
October 2011 		
AISec '11: Proceedings of the 4th ACM workshop on Security and artificial intelligence
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (622.08 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 347,    Citation Count:

Intrusion analysis and incident management remains a difficult problem in practical network security defense. The root cause of this problem is the large rate of false positives in the sensors used by Intrusion Detection System (IDS) systems, reducing ...
Keywords: dempster-shafer theory, enterprise network security, intrusion detection and analysis, reason about uncertainty
563
	
A business process gap detecting mechanism between information system process flow and internal control flow
Shi-Ming Huang, David C. Yen, Yu-Chung Hung, Yen-Ju Zhou, Jing-Shiuan Hua
November 2009 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 47 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

The information system (IS) has become an important backbone of the modern enterprise, which has caused electronic data generated by the IS to be more easily manipulated and destroyed than hardcopy data. It is therefore important for auditors to assure ...

Keywords: Business process gap detecting mechanism, Computer-Assisted Audit Techniques and Tools (CAATTs), Database log, Internal control flow, Resource and value dependence method
564
	
Practical real-time intrusion detection using machine learning approaches
Phurivit Sangkatsanee, Naruemon Wattanapongsakorn, Chalermpol Charnsripinyo
December 2011 		
Computer Communications , Volume 34 Issue 18
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The growing prevalence of network attacks is a well-known problem which can impact the availability, confidentiality, and integrity of critical information for both individuals and enterprises. In this paper, we propose a real-time intrusion detection ...
Keywords: Denial of Service, Machine learning, Network intrusion detection, Probe
565
	
Algorithms for anomaly detection of traces in logs of process aware information systems
FáBio Bezerra, Jacques Wainer
March 2013 		
Information Systems , Volume 38 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper discusses four algorithms for detecting anomalies in logs of process aware systems. One of the algorithms only marks as potential anomalies traces that are infrequent in the log. The other three algorithms: threshold, iterative and sampling ...
Keywords: Anomaly detection, Process mining, Process-aware systems
566
	
Refereed Papers: Real-time Log File Analysis Using the Simple Event Correlator (SEC)
John P. Rouillard
November 2004 		
LISA '04: Proceedings of the 18th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 12

Log analysis is an important way to keep track of computers and networks. The use of automated analysis always results in false reports, however these can be minimized by proper specification of recognition criteria. Current analysis approaches fail ...
567
	
Multi-aspect profiling of kernel rootkit behavior
Ryan Riley, Xuxian Jiang, Dongyan Xu
April 2009 		
EuroSys '09: Proceedings of the 4th ACM European conference on Computer systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (426.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 993,    Citation Count: 20

Kernel rootkits, malicious software designed to compromise a running operating system kernel, are difficult to analyze and profile due to their elusive nature, the variety and complexity of their behavior, and the privilege level at which they run. However, ...

Keywords: kernel rootkit, malware, profiling
568
	
Effects of Web Traffic Announcements on Firm Value
Raquel Benbunan-Fich, Eliezer M. Fich
June 2004 		
International Journal of Electronic Commerce , Volume 8 Issue 4
Publisher: M. E. Sharpe, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Data from independent rating firms on traffic to commercial Web sites are routinely used in financial valuation models and in determining advertising rates. These metrics are not always reliable because third-party estimates of Web traffic are vulnerable ...

Keywords: Event Study, Firm Value, Internet Bubble, Web Traffic
569
	
A comparative study of attributes for gathering admissible evidence in the investigation of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks
Joshua Ojo Nehinbe
July 2012 		
International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions , Volume 4 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Global crises have widened the scope of criminal activities that intruders commit on computer networks. However, available litigations to charge intruders are ineffective because most electronic evidence obtained from intrusion logs are inadmissible ...
570
	
Dropbox analysis: Data remnants on user machines
Darren Quick, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
June 2013 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Cloud storage has been identified as an emerging challenge to digital forensic researchers and practitioners in a range of literature. There are various types of cloud storage services with each type having a potentially different use in criminal activity. ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage, Computer forensics, Digital forensics, Dropbox analysis, Mobile forensics
571
	
Fay: Extensible Distributed Tracing from Kernels to Clusters
Úlfar Erlingsson, Marcus Peinado, Simon Peter, Mihai Budiu, Gloria Mainar-Ruiz
November 2012 		
Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) , Volume 30 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.05 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 353,    Citation Count: 3

Fay is a flexible platform for the efficient collection, processing, and analysis of software execution traces. Fay provides dynamic tracing through use of runtime instrumentation and distributed aggregation within machines and across clusters. At the ...
572
	
Tracing the true source of an IPv6 datagram using policy based management system
Syed Obaid Amin, Choong Seon Hong, Ki Young Kim
September 2006 		
APNOMS'06: Proceedings of the 9th Asia-Pacific international conference on Network Operations and Management: management of Convergence Networks and Services
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In any (D)DoS attack, invaders may use incorrect or spoofed IP addresses in the attacking packets and thus disguise the factual origin of the attacks. Due to the stateless nature of the internet, it is an intricate problem to determine the source of ...
Keywords: DDoS, IPv6, network security, traceback
573
	
Hang with your buddies to resist intersection attacks
David Isaac Wolinsky, Ewa Syta, Bryan Ford
November 2013 		
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.04 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 78,   Downloads (Overall): 200,    Citation Count: 1

Some anonymity schemes might in principle protect users from pervasive network surveillance--but only if all messages are independent and unlinkable. Users in practice often need pseudonymity--sending messages intentionally linkable to each other but ...
Keywords: anonymity, disclosure, intersection, pseudonymity
574
	
Security and privacy issues in implantable medical devices
Carmen Camara, Pedro Peris-Lopez, Juan E. Tapiador
June 2015 		
Journal of Biomedical Informatics , Volume 55 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Display Omitted Introduces Implantable Medical Device (IMD) technology and presents the new generation of IMDs with telemetry.Explains the usage scenarios for communication with the IMD and introduces the associated threat model.Shows tensions between ...
Keywords: Implantable medical devices, Privacy, Security, Survey, m-Health
575
	
Review: False alarm minimization techniques in signature-based intrusion detection systems: A survey
Neminath Hubballi, Vinoth Suryanarayanan
August 2014 		
Computer Communications , Volume 49
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A network based Intrusion Detection System (IDS) gathers and analyzes network packets and report possible low level security violations to a system administrator. In a large network setup, these low level and partial reports become unmanageable to the ...
Keywords: Correlation, False alarms, Intrusion detection
576
	
Logging key assurance indicators in business processes
Fabio Massacci, Gene Tsudik, Artsiom Yautsiukhin
March 2009 		
ASIACCS '09: Proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on Information, Computer, and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (716.81 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 245,    Citation Count:

Management of a modern enterprise is based on the assumption that executive reports of lower-layer management are faithful to what is actually happening in the field. As some well-publicised major recent disasters (such as Barings, AllFirst-Allied Irish ...

Keywords: auditing, enterprise, logs, tamper-proofed logs
577
	
Digital forensic reconstruction and the virtual security testbed vise
André Årnes, Paul Haas, Giovanni Vigna, Richard A. Kemmerer
July 2006 		
DIMVA'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Detection of Intrusions and Malware & Vulnerability Assessment
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper presents ViSe, a virtual security testbed, and demonstrates how it can be used to efficiently study computer attacks and suspect tools as part of a computer crime reconstruction. Based on a hypothesis of the security incident in question, ...
578
	
An audit trail service to enhance privacy compliance in federated identity management
Liam Peyton, Chintan Doshi, Pierre Seguin
October 2007 		
CASCON '07: Proceedings of the 2007 conference of the center for advanced studies on Collaborative research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (177.94 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 688,    Citation Count: 2

Federated identity management systems, such as the Liberty Alliance framework, are intended to protect identity and control access to personal information. An audit trail service has been proposed as an addition to the framework to address potential ...
579
	
Challenges for protecting the privacy of health information: required certification can leave common vulnerabilities undetected
Ben Smith, Andrew Austin, Matt Brown, Jason T. King, Jerrod Lankford, Andrew Meneely, Laurie Williams
October 2010 		
SPIMACS '10: Proceedings of the second annual workshop on Security and privacy in medical and home-care systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (613.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 654,    Citation Count: 2

The use of electronic health record (EHR) systems by medical professionals enables the electronic exchange of patient data, yielding cost and quality of care benefits. The United States American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) of 2009 provides up ...
Keywords: attack, cchit, dos, ehr, emr, ethical hacking, exploit, healthcare, man-in-the-middle, meaningful use, medical records, openemr, security testing, sql injection, vulnerability, white hat, xss
580
	
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
November 2009 		
Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD) , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.20 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 526,    Citation Count: 5

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns appearing in a sequence. While interesting, these patterns do not give a comprehensive summary of the entire ...

Keywords: Event sequences, log mining, summarization 
581
	
On Incident Handling and Response: A state-of-the-art approach
Sarandis Mitropoulos, Dimitrios Patsos, Christos Douligeris
July 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Incident Response has always been an important aspect of Information Security but it is often overlooked by security administrators. Responding to an incident is not solely a technical issue but has many management, legal, technical and social aspects ...
Keywords: Computer forensics, Incident Handling, Incident Response, Internet forensics, Software forensics, Trace-back mechanisms
582
	
Automatic forensic log file analysis for Mac OS X systems
Zeki Turedi, Liangxiu Han
July 2013 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Mac OS X-based systems are gaining growing popularity. Yet forensics on this type of systems is still in its infancy and traditional forensic tools do not work well with it. Currently, most examinations for Mac OS X systems are done manually by experts. ...
583
	
A mutual and pseudo inverse matrix - based authentication mechanism for outsourcing service
Hue T. B. Pham, Thuc D. Nguyen, Van H. Dang, Isao Echizen, Thuy T. B. Dong
April 2011 		
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part I , Volume Part I
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Database outsourcing is becoming popular in which the data owners ship their data to external service provider. Such a model provides organizations advantages such as cost savings and service benefits. However, the delegation of database management to ...
Keywords: authentication mechanism, outsourcing service, untrusted server
584
	
Does organizing security patterns focus architectural choices?
Koen Yskout, Riccardo Scandariato, Wouter Joosen
June 2012 		
ICSE '12: Proceedings of the 34th International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (481.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 118,    Citation Count: 2

Security patterns can be a valuable vehicle to design secure software. Several proposals have been advanced to improve the usability of security patterns. They often describe extra annotations to be included in the pattern documentation. This paper ...
585
	
Security tools: TSIEM and AppScan source for security
Yu-Ping Ding, Greg Stager
November 2011 		
CASCON '11: Proceedings of the 2011 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (563.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 43,    Citation Count: 0

Data security is becoming increasingly important for our interconnected and technologically dependent world. In addition to the usual access control, auditing and encryption requirements, many organizations are now requiring software development vendors ...
586
	
A new approach to secure logging
Di Ma, Gene Tsudik
March 2009 		
Transactions on Storage (TOS) , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (169.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 867,    Citation Count: 8

The need for secure logging is well-understood by the security professionals, including both researchers and practitioners. The ability to efficiently verify all (or some) log entries is important to any application employing secure logging techniques. ...

Keywords: MACs, Secure logging, forward secure sequential aggregate (FssAgg) authentication, forward-secure stream integrity, signatures, truncation attack
587
	
Ensuring continuous compliance through reconciling policy with usage
Suresh Chari, Ian Molloy, Youngja Park, Wilfried Teiken
June 2013 		
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (882.86 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 157,    Citation Count: 2

Organizations rarely define formal security properties or policies for their access control systems, often choosing to react to changing needs. This paper addresses the problem of reconciling entitlement usage with configured policies for multiple objectives: ...
Keywords: access control, auditing, compliance, log analysis
588
	
The architecture of a digital forensic readiness management system
K. Reddy, H.S. Venter
February 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 32 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A coordinated approach to digital forensic readiness (DFR) in a large organisation requires the management and monitoring of a wide variety of resources, both human and technical. The resources involved in DFR in large organisations typically include ...
Keywords: Digital forensic management system, Digital forensic readiness, Forensic readiness, Management of digital forensic readiness, Management of forensics, Organisational forensic readiness
589
	
Explaining accesses to electronic health records
Daniel Fabbri, Kristen LeFevre, David A. Hanauer
August 2011 		
DMMH '11: Proceedings of the 2011 workshop on Data mining for medicine and healthcare
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (728.63 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 191,    Citation Count:

Electronic health record systems (EHRs) are increasingly used to store patient medical information. To ensure the responsible use of this data, EHRs collect access logs, which record each access to sensitive data (e.g., a patient's record). Using ...
Keywords: access, electronic health records
590
	
Investigating self-reporting behavior in long-term studies
Andreas Möller, Matthias Kranz, Barbara Schmid, Luis Roalter, Stefan Diewald
April 2013 		
CHI '13: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 284,    Citation Count: 2

Self-reporting techniques, such as data logging or a diary, are frequently used in long-term studies, but prone to subjects' forgetfulness and other sources of inaccuracy. We conducted a six-week self-reporting study on smartphone usage in order to investigate ...
Keywords: application usage, long-term study, self-reporting, survey
591
	
Modifying without a trace: general audit guidelines are inadequate for open-source electronic health record audit mechanisms
Jason Tyler King, Ben Smith, Laurie Williams
January 2012 		
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (504.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 261,    Citation Count: 8

Without adequate audit mechanisms, electronic health record (EHR) systems remain vulnerable to undetected misuse. Users could modify or delete protected health information without these actions being traceable. The objective of this paper is to assess ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, healthcare, log, privacy, security, user-based non-repudiation
592
	
Using PLSI-U to detect insider threats by datamining e-mail
J. S. Okolica, G. L. Peterson, R. F. Mills
February 2008 		
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Despite a technology bias that focuses on external electronic threats, insiders pose the greatest threat to an organisation. This paper discusses an approach to assist investigators in identifying potential insider threats. We discern employees' ...

Keywords: PLSI, alienation, data mining, emails, insider attacks, insider threats, large datasets, probabilistic latent semantic indexing, security, sensitive information, social networks
593
	
Adaptive event prediction strategy with dynamic time window for large-scale HPC systems
Ana Gainaru, Franck Cappello, Joshi Fullop, Stefan Trausan-Matu, William Kramer
October 2011 		
SLAML '11: Managing Large-scale Systems via the Analysis of System Logs and the Application of Machine Learning Techniques
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.05 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 142,    Citation Count: 2

In this paper, we analyse messages generated by different HPC large-scale systems in order to extract sequences of correlated events which we lately use to predict the normal and faulty behaviour of the system. Our method uses a dynamic window strategy ...
Keywords: HPC systems, event prediction, logfile analysis
594
	
A Principled Approach to HPC Event Monitoring
Alireza Goudarzi, Dorian Arnold, Darko Stefanovic, Kurt B. Ferreira, Guy Feldman
June 2015 		
FTXS '15: Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on Fault Tolerance for HPC at eXtreme Scale
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 11,    Citation Count: 0

As high-performance computing (HPC) systems become larger and more complex, fault tolerance becomes a greater concern. At the same time, the data volume collected to help in understanding and mitigating hardware and software faults and failures also ...
Keywords: event analysis, failure prediction, fault-tolerance, resource monitoring
595
	
Security Views - Malware Update
July 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
596
	
Security and privacy system architecture for an e-hospital environment
Kathryn Garson, Carlisle Adams
March 2008 		
IDtrust '08: Proceedings of the 7th symposium on Identity and trust on the Internet
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (391.96 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 81,   Downloads (Overall): 1466,    Citation Count: 2

Hospitals are now using electronic medical records and computer applications in order to provide more efficient and thorough care for their patients. The Mobile Emergency Triage system provides doctors with decision support for emergency care by pulling ...
Keywords: authentication, health care, policy-based encryption, privacy
597
	
Everyman Sim: An everyman SIM
Bruce Potter
November 2008 		
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Managing all the information flooding from your network, security devices, and products can be a full-time job. Firewalls, anti-virus, IDS, and proxy servers are constantly logging data even when your systems are not under attack. The main purpose of ...
598
	
Finding peer-to-peer file-sharing using coarse network behaviors
Michael P. Collins, Michael K. Reiter
September 2006 		
ESORICS'06: Proceedings of the 11th European conference on Research in Computer Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A user who wants to use a service forbidden by their site's usage policy can masquerade their packets in order to evade detection. One masquerade technique sends prohibited traffic on TCP ports commonly used by permitted services, such as port 80. ...
599
	
Policy management using access control spaces
Trent Jaeger, Xiaolan Zhang, Antony Edwards
August 2003 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (360.69 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 2408,    Citation Count: 30

We present the concept of an access control space and investigate how it may be useful in managing access control policies. An access control space represents the permission assignment state of a subject or role. For example, the set of permissions ...

Keywords: Access control models, authorization mechanisms, role-based access control
600
	
Time Bounding Event Reasoning in Computer Forensic
Liu Zhi jun, Zhang Huan guo
December 2007 		
CISW '07: Proceedings of the 2007 International Conference on Computational Intelligence and Security Workshops
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Timestamps are widely used in computing and offer an easy way to determine the time of events in digital investigations. Unfortunately, the ability of users to change clock settings, the difficult to recover the multi-level overwriting data in a disk, ...
601
	
Privacy-preserving query log mining for business confidentiality protection
Barbara Poblete, Myra Spiliopoulou, Ricardo Baeza-Yates
July 2010 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	ePubePub (1.85 MB),  PDFPDF (581.58 KB),  PrcPrc (277.60 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 556,    Citation Count: 4

We introduce the concern of confidentiality protection of business information for the publication of search engine query logs and derived data. We study business confidentiality, as the protection of nonpublic data from institutions, such as companies ...
Keywords: Privacy preservation, Web sites, queries, query log publication
602
	
Secure and reliable electronic record management system using digital forensic technologies
Sekie Amanuel Majore, Hyunguk Yoo, Taeshik Shon
October 2014 		
The Journal of Supercomputing , Volume 70 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Currently, most records are produced and stored digitally using various types of media storage and computer systems. Unlike physical records such as paper-based records, identifying, collecting, and analyzing digital records require technical knowledge ...
Keywords: Authenticity, Digital archive, Digital forensics, ERMS, Electronic records, Integrity
603
	
Access policy compliance testing in a user centric trust service infrastructure
Guglielmo De Angelis, Tom Kirkham, Sandra Winfield
September 2011 		
QASBA '11: Proceedings of the International Workshop on Quality Assurance for Service-Based Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.22 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 73,    Citation Count:

Access Policy compliance testing within a trust network helps ensure that the services available to users are reliable, secure and trustworthy. In the TAS3 project Access Policy testing is a vital function of the trust network in which users ...
Keywords: audit, on-line testing, service federation, trustworthiness in SOA, user centric
604
	
Self-sustaining, efficient and forward-secure cryptographic constructions for Unattended Wireless Sensor Networks
Attila Altay Yavuz, Peng Ning
September 2012 		
Ad Hoc Networks , Volume 10 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Unattended Wireless Sensor Networks (UWSNs) operating in hostile environments face great security and performance challenges due to the lack of continuous real-time communication with the final data receivers (e.g., mobile data collectors). The lack ...
Keywords: Aggregate signatures, Applied cryptography, Digital signatures, Forward security, Unattended Wireless Sensor Networks (UWSNs)
605
	
Self-similarity based lightweight intrusion detection method for cloud computing
Hyukmin Kwon, Taesu Kim, Song Jin Yu, Huy Kang Kim
April 2011 		
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information security is the key success factor to provide safe cloud computing services. Despite its usefulness and cost-effectiveness, public cloud computing service is hard to accept because there are many security concerns such as data leakage, unauthorized ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, cloud computing, information security, intrusion detection, lightweight, self-similarity
606
	
Liability in software engineering: overview of the LISE approach and illustration on a case study
Daniel Le Métayer, Manuel Maarek, Valérie Viet Triem Tong, Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Nicolas Craipeau, Stéphane Frénot, Ronan Hardouin
May 2010 		
ICSE '10: Proceedings of the 32nd ACM/IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering - Volume 1 , Volume 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (273.91 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 304,    Citation Count: 4

LISE is a multidisciplinary project involving lawyers and computer scientists with the aim to put forward a set of methods and tools to (1) define software liability in a precise and unambiguous way and (2) establish such liability in case of incident. ...
Keywords: contract, defects, evidence, formal methods, legal aspects, liability, specification
607
	
Analysis of Computer Intrusions Using Sequences of Function Calls
Sean Peisert, Matt Bishop, Sidney Karin, Keith Marzullo
April 2007 		
IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing , Volume 4 Issue 2
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society Press
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

This paper demonstrates the value of analyzing sequences of function calls for forensic analysis. Although this approach has been used for intrusion detection (that is, determining that a system has been attacked), its value in isolating the cause and ...

Keywords: Security, forensic analysis, logging, auditing, intrusion detection, anomaly detection, management, design, unauthorized access (for example, hacking).
608
	
Domain name forensics: a systematic approach to investigating an internet presence
Bruce J. Nikkel
December 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Over the last few years the typical Internet presence has become a crowded outsourcing arrangement of multiple organizations dividing up the complexity of maintaining various parts of an infrastructure. Finding the parties responsible for the different ...
Keywords: DNS investigation, Digital forensics, Domain name forensics, Domain name investigation, Network forensics, Website investigation
609
	
Middleware support for auditing service process flows
Hakan Hacigümüs
November 2006 		
MW4SOC '06: Proceedings of the 1st workshop on Middleware for Service Oriented Computing (MW4SOC 2006)
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (141.53 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 394,    Citation Count: 0

The ever increasing security and privacy concerns require organizations to strictly comply with the regulations and the guidelines. Similar to any other part of an organization, it is necessary to conduct audits to determine whether the IT systems are ...
Keywords: auditing, middleware, privacy, security, service oriented computing
610
	
Gauging the risks of internet elections
Deborah M. Phillips, Hans A. von Spakovsky
January 2001 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 44 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (35.52 KB),  PDFPDF (159.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 2517,    Citation Count: 7
611
	
Is Privacy Supportive for Adaptive ICT Systems?
Sven Wohlgemuth
December 2014 		
iiWAS '14: Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (367.19 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

Adaptive ICT systems promise to improve resilience by re-using and sharing ICT services and information related to electronic identities and real-time requirements of business networking applications. The aim is to improve welfare and security of a society, ...
Keywords: Adaptive ICT System, Game Theory, IT Risk Management, Identity Management, Multilateral IT Security, Privacy, Resilience, Security
612
	
Bridging the Digital Divide: Use of Public Internet Kiosks in Mauritius
L.G. Pee, A. Kankanhalli, V.C.Y. On Show
January 2010 		
Journal of Global Information Management , Volume 18 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Subsidized ICT access is often provided in less-developed regions of the world to bridge the digital divide. While such efforts can be helpful, their effectiveness depends on targeted users' willingness to utilize the ICT provided. To better understand ...
Keywords: Digital Divide, Mauritius, Public Internet Kiosk, Technology Use
613
	
Casting votes in the auditorium
Daniel Sandler, Dan S. Wallach
August 2007 		
EVT'07: Proceedings of the USENIX Workshop on Accurate Electronic Voting Technology
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

In elections employing electronic voting machines, we have observed that poor procedures, equipment failures, and honest mistakes pose a real threat to the accuracy of the final tally. The event logs kept by these machines can give auditors clues as ...
614
	
Efficient deployment of honeynets for statistical and forensic analysis of attacks from the internet
Stephan Riebach, Erwin P. Rathgeb, Birger Toedtmann
May 2005 		
NETWORKING'05: Proceedings of the 4th IFIP-TC6 international conference on Networking Technologies, Services, and Protocols; Performance of Computer and Communication Networks; Mobile and Wireless Communication Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The use of honeynets as a means to detect and observe attacks originating from the Internet as well as to allow forensic analysis is a technique that has received increasing attention in the research community. However, it has not yet been investigated ...
Keywords: forensics, honeynets, honeypots, security
615
	
Applying digital rights management systems to privacy rights management
Steve Kenny, Larry Korba
November 2002 		
Computers and Security , Volume 21 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Disclaimer The views expressed by the authors of this article are their own and may not necessarily be taken to be those of either the Dutch Data Protection Authority or the National Research Council of Canada. Abstract While there are growing concerns ...
616
	
A privacy framework for mobile health and home-care systems
David Kotz, Sasikanth Avancha, Amit Baxi
November 2009 		
SPIMACS '09: Proceedings of the first ACM workshop on Security and privacy in medical and home-care systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (666.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 201,   Downloads (Overall): 1697,    Citation Count: 12

In this paper, we consider the challenge of preserving patient privacy in the context of mobile healthcare and home-care systems, that is, the use of mobile computing and communications technologies in the delivery of healthcare or the provision of at-home ...

Keywords: e-health, electronic health record, hipaa, home healthcare, medicine, mhealth, mobile healthcare, privacy framework
617
	
MEGA: A tool for Mac OS X operating system and application forensics
Robert A. Joyce, Judson Powers, Frank Adelstein
September 2008 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer forensic tools for Apple Mac hardware have traditionally focused on low-level file system details. Mac OS X and common applications on the Mac platform provide an abundance of information about the user's activities in configuration files, caches, ...
Keywords: Application analysis, Computer forensics, Disk image analysis, Mac OS X, Spotlight
618
	
Stealthy malware detection and monitoring through VMM-based “out-of-the-box” semantic view reconstruction
Xuxian Jiang, Xinyuan Wang, Dongyan Xu
February 2010 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 13 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (5.06 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 129,   Downloads (Overall): 1522,    Citation Count: 15

An alarming trend in recent malware incidents is that they are armed with stealthy techniques to detect, evade, and subvert malware detection facilities of the victim. On the defensive side, a fundamental limitation of traditional host-based antimalware ...

Keywords: Malware detection, rootkits, virtual machines
619
	
AAT: a tool for accessing and analysing students' behaviour data in learning systems
Sabine Graf, Cindy Ives, Nazim Rahman, Arnold Ferri
February 2011 		
LAK '11: Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Learning Analytics and Knowledge
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (172.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 94,   Downloads (Overall): 374,    Citation Count: 6

In online learning environments, teachers and course designers often get little feedback about how students actually interact with and learn in online courses. Most of the learning systems used by educational institutions store comprehensive log data ...
Keywords: academic analytics, data extraction and analysis, learning systems
620
	
Towards mechanisms for detection and prevention of data exfiltration by insiders: keynote talk paper
Elisa Bertino, Gabriel Ghinita
March 2011 		
ASIACCS '11: Proceedings of the 6th ACM Symposium on Information, Computer and Communications Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (759.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 98,   Downloads (Overall): 675,    Citation Count:

Data represent an extremely important asset for any organization. Confidential data such as military secrets or intellectual property must never be disclosed outside the organization. Therefore, one of the most severe threats in the case of cyber-insider ...
Keywords: data exfiltration, insider threat 
621
	
Automated analysis of election audit logs
Patrick Baxter, Anne Edmundson, Keishla Ortiz, Ana Maria Quevedo, Samuel Rodríguez, Cynthia Sturton, David Wagner
August 2012 		
EVT/WOTE'12: Proceedings of the 2012 international conference on Electronic Voting Technology/Workshop on Trustworthy Elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The voting audit logs produced by electronic voting systems contain data that could be useful for uncovering procedural errors and election anomalies, but they are currently unwieldy and difficult for election officials to use in post-election audits. ...
622
	
Assurance for federated identity management
Adrian Baldwin, Marco Casassa Mont, Yolanta Beres, Simon Shiu
December 2010 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 18 Issue 4
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Federated identity management is an emerging paradigm that is rightly getting a lot of standardization and research attention. One aspect that is not receiving enough attention is assurance. Given the challenges enterprises faced trying to demonstrate ...
Keywords: Identity management, assurance, audit, federation
623
	
A Log Analysis Audit Model Based on Optimized Clustering Algorithm
Hui Yu, Xingjian Shi
September 2007 		
NPC '07: Proceedings of the 2007 IFIP International Conference on Network and Parallel Computing Workshops (NPC 2007)
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In view of the problem how to detect the network unknown attacks, a security log analysis audit model based on optimized clustering algorithm is proposed in this paper. Since the main question which influence the clustering algorithm application in the ...
624
	
Compliance complacency: How 'check-box' compliancy remains a pitfall for many organizations worldwide
J. Andrew Valentine
November 2010 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
625
	
An after-the-fact compute forensics investigation with ethical consequences: experience and recommendations
Robin M. Snyder
September 2005 		
InfoSecCD '05: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (207.33 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 320,    Citation Count: 0

Computer forensics involves determining facts after-the-fact. This paper describes an after-the-fact computer forensics investigation with ethical consequences. In particular, the incident involves two students that were caught cheating on an on-line ...
Keywords: case study, forensics, information security, information security education, security
626
	
A Privacy-Considerate Framework for Identity Management in Mobile Services
José M. Álamo, Antonio M. Fernández, Rubén Trapero, Juan C. Yelmo, Miguel A. Monjas
August 2011 		
Mobile Networks and Applications , Volume 16 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (686.85 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 285,    Citation Count:

The subscribers' personal information and services that mobile operators are able to provide to Web developers offer new and exciting possibilities in numerous domains. However, bringing mobile information services to the Web to enable a new generation ...
Keywords: identity management, information sharing, mobile web, privacy management, service delivery, user-centricity
627
	
Using the structure of B+-trees for enhancing logging mechanisms of databases
Peter Kieseberg, Sebastian Schrittwieser, Lorcan Morgan, Martin Mulazzani, Markus Huber, Edgar Weippl
December 2011 		
iiWAS '11: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications and Services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (752.05 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 78,    Citation Count:

Today's database management systems implement sophisticated access control mechanisms to prevent unauthorized access and modifications. This is, as an example, an important basic requirement for SOX (Sarbanes--Oxley Act) compliance, whereby every past ...
Keywords: B+ tree, database forensics, database log
628
	
A Formal Approach for the Forensic Analysis of Logs
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha
May 2006 		
Proceeding of the 2006 conference on New Trends in Software Methodologies, Tools and Techniques: Proceedings of the fifth SoMeT_06
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The increasing trend of computer crimes has intensified the relevance of cyber-forensics. In such a context, forensic analysis plays a major role by analyzing the evidence gathered from the crime scene and corroborating facts about the committed crime. ...

Keywords: Cyber Forensics, Formal Verification, Log Analysis, Logic, Semantics
629
	
Skill gaps and careers in IS compliance: implications for IS degree programs in the U.S.
Christina N. Outlay, Poornima Krishnan
May 2010 		
SIGMIS-CPR '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Special Interest Group on Management Information System's 48th annual conference on Computer personnel research on Computer personnel research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (407.23 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 259,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we describe the research questions and methodology for a study that will investigate the opportunities and skill gaps for IS workers in the field of IS compliance. IS compliance skills include knowledge of U.S. legislation - such as Sarbanes-Oxley ...
Keywords: information systems (IS) skills, information systems compliance, information systems curriculum
630
	
Ohmage: A General and Extensible End-to-End Participatory Sensing Platform
H. Tangmunarunkit, C. K. Hsieh, B. Longstaff, S. Nolen, J. Jenkins, C. Ketcham, J. Selsky, F. Alquaddoomi, D. George, J. Kang, Z. Khalapyan, J. Ooms, N. Ramanathan, D. Estrin
May 2015 		
Transactions on Intelligent Systems and Technology (TIST) , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (673.52 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 71,   Downloads (Overall): 71,    Citation Count: 0

Participatory sensing (PS) is a distributed data collection and analysis approach where individuals, acting alone or in groups, use their personal mobile devices to systematically explore interesting aspects of their lives and communities [Burke et al. ...
Keywords: Participatory sensing, citizen science, clinical research, data sharing, educational tool, experience sampling, mobile data collection, mobile sensing
631
	
Mining system logs to learn error predictors: a case study of a telemetry system
Barbara Russo, Giancarlo Succi, Witold Pedrycz
August 2015 		
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 20 Issue 4
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Predicting system failures can be of great benefit to managers that get a better command over system performance. Data that systems generate in the form of logs is a valuable source of information to predict system reliability. As such, there is an increasing ...
Keywords: Classification and prediction of defective log sequences, Data mining, Information gain, Log analysis, Software maintenance, System logs
632
	
Log-based predictive maintenance
Ruben Sipos, Dmitriy Fradkin, Fabian Moerchen, Zhuang Wang
August 2014 		
KDD '14: Proceedings of the 20th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Mp4Mp4 (4836847:7 MIN),  PDFPDF (719.60 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 260,   Downloads (Overall): 260,    Citation Count: 0

Success of manufacturing companies largely depends on reliability of their products. Scheduled maintenance is widely used to ensure that equipment is operating correctly so as to avoid unexpected breakdowns. Such maintenance is often carried out separately ...
Keywords: crisp-dm, log mining, machine learning, predictive maintenance
633
	
Semantic security against web application attacks
Abdul Razzaq, Khalid Latif, H. Farooq Ahmad, Ali Hur, Zahid Anwar, Peter Charles Bloodsworth
January 2014 		
Information Sciences: an International Journal , Volume 254
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In this paper, we propose a method of detecting and classifying web application attacks. In contrast to current signature-based security methods, our solution is an ontology based technique. It specifies web application attacks by using semantic rules, ...
Keywords: Application security, Semantic rule engine, Semantic security
634
	
Economics and the cyber challenge
Simon Walker
February 2012 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 17 Issue 1-2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Economics can be used as a tool to explain, describe, and to a certain extent predict many forms of human behaviour. However, there is only a limited body of work on its application to information security, much of which is acknowledged as partial or ...
635
	
Improving host security with system call policies
Niels Provos
August 2003 		
SSYM'03: Proceedings of the 12th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 12 , Volume 12
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 134

Many operating system services require special privilege to execute their tasks. A programming error in a privileged service opens the door to system compromise in the form of unauthorized acquisition of privileges. In the worst case, a remote attacker ...
636
	
Digital logs-proof matters
Erin E. Kenneally
June 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
637
	
Social Networks Analysis and Participation in Learning Environments to Digital Inclusion Based on Large-Scale Distance Education
Aleksandra do Socorro da Silva, Silvana Rossy de Brito, Dalton Lopes Martins, Nandamudi Lankalapalli Vijaykumar, Cláudio Alex Jorge da Rocha, João Crisóstomo Weyl Albuquerque Costa, Carlos Renato Lisboa Francês
April 2014 		
International Journal of Distance Education Technologies , Volume 12 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Evaluating and monitoring large-scale distance learning programs require different techniques, systems, and analysis methods. This work presents challenges in evaluating and monitoring digital inclusion training programs, considering the aspects inherent ...
Keywords: Bayesian Networks, Digital Inclusion, Distance Learning, Large-Scale Training, Social Network Analysis
638
	
Comprehensive rule-based compliance checking and risk management with process mining
Filip Caron, Jan Vanthienen, Bart Baesens
February 2013 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 54 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Process mining researchers have primarily focused on developing and improving process discovery techniques, while attention for the applicability of process mining has been below par. As a result, there only exists a partial fit with the traditional ...
Keywords: Business rules, Compliance checking, Process mining, Process-aware information systems, Risk management
639
	
A roadmap towards improving managed security services from a privacy perspective
Nils Ulltveit-Moe
September 2014 		
Ethics and Information Technology , Volume 16 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper proposes a roadmap for how privacy leakages from outsourced managed security services using intrusion detection systems can be controlled. The paper first analyses the risk of leaking private or confidential information from signature-based ...
Keywords: Ethical awareness, Intrusion detection and prevention systems, Managed security services, Outsourcing, Privacy, Security
640
	
Anonymizing transaction databases for publication
Yabo Xu, Ke Wang, Ada Wai-Chee Fu, Philip S. Yu
August 2008 		
KDD '08: Proceeding of the 14th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (363.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 709,    Citation Count: 31

This paper considers the problem of publishing "transaction data" for research purposes. Each transaction is an arbitrary set of items chosen from a large universe. Detailed transaction data provides an electronic image of one's life. This has two implications. ...
Keywords: anonymity, data publishing, privacy, transaction database 
641
	
CORGI: combination, organization and reconstruction through graphical interactions
Christopher Humphries, Nicolas Prigent, Christophe Bidan, Frédéric Majorczyk
November 2014 		
VizSec '14: Proceedings of the Eleventh Workshop on Visualization for Cyber Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (773.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 61,    Citation Count: 0

In this article, we present CORGI, a security-oriented log visualization tool that allows security experts to visually explore and link numerous types of log files through relevant representations and global filtering. The analyst can mark values as ...
Keywords: forensics, intrusion detection, visualization
642
	
Tools for worm experimentation on the DETER testbed
Songjie Wei, Alefiya Hussain, Jelena Mirkovic, Calvin Ko
July 2010 		
International Journal of Communication Networks and Distributed Systems , Volume 5 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Worm experimentation is challenging for researchers today because of the lack of standardised tools to simulate and emulate worm spreads in a realistic setting. We have developed two tools for the DETER testbed to aid in worm experimentation: the ...
Keywords: LANs, communication networks, distributed systems, emulation, internet worms, local area networks, malware, network testbeds, simulation, worm defence, worm experimentation, worm propagation, worm spread
643
	
DSS for computer security incident response applying CBR and collaborative response
Huy Kang Kim, Kwang Hyuk Im, Sang Chan Park
January 2010 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Recently, as hacking attempts increase dramatically; most enterprises are forced to employ some safeguards for hacking proof. For example, firewall or IPS (Intrusion Prevention System) selectively accepts the incoming packets, and IDS (Intrusion Detection ...

Keywords: Anomaly detection, CBR (case based reasoning), Decision support system, Expert system, Log analysis, Misuse detection, RFM analysis methodology, System security
644
	
Logcrypt: forward security and public verification for secure audit logs
Jason E. Holt
January 2006 		
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (459.53 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 193,    Citation Count: 13

Logcrypt provides strong cryptographic assurances that data stored by a logging facility before a system compromise cannot be modified after the compromise without detection. We build on prior work by showing how log creation can be separated from log ...
645
	
Data base support for intrusion detection with honeynets
Richard A. Wasniowski
March 2007 		
TELE-INFO'07: Proceedings of the 6th WSEAS Int. Conference on Telecommunications and Informatics
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

As computer attacks are becoming more and more difficult to identify the need for better and more efficient intrusion detection systems increases. The main problem with current intrusion detection systems is high rate of false alarms. In this paper we ...

Keywords: database, false alarm, honeynets, honeypot, intrusion detection, snort
646
	
Discovering role-based virtual knowledge flows for organizational knowledge support
Duen-Ren Liu, Chih-Wei Lin, Hui-Fang Chen
April 2013 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 55 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In knowledge-intensive work environments, workers need task-relevant knowledge and documents to support the execution of tasks. A knowledge flow (KF) represents an individual's or group's knowledge-needs and referencing behavior of codified knowledge ...
Keywords: Knowledge flow, Knowledge flow view, Knowledge management, Knowledge support, Ontology, Role
647
	
Using Independent Auditors as Intrusion Detection Systems
Jesus Molina, William A. Arbaugh
December 2002 		
ICICS '02: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Information and Communications Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

A basic method in computer security is to perform integrity checks on the file system to detect the installation of malicious programs, or the modification of sensitive files. Integrity tools to date rely on the operating system to function correctly, ...
648
	
Cyberwarfare: connecting the dots in cyber intelligence
Sanjay Goel
August 2011 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (7.12 KB),  PDFPDF (2.64 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 26,   Downloads (12 Months): 403,   Downloads (Overall): 3228,    Citation Count: 1

Perpetrators and victims usually act as if it never happened, while the evidence is designed to erase itself. Cyberwarfare is a potent weapon in political conflicts, espionage, and propaganda. Difficult to detect a priori, it is often recognized only ...
649
	
Using agent technologies to correlate and compare anti-malware software
Kellie Kercher, Dale C. Rowe, Haley Dennis
October 2013 		
RIIT '13: Proceedings of the 2nd annual conference on Research in information technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (439.22 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 0

Malware is a fast growing threat that consists of software used to disrupt, or impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of a user's computer experience. Antivirus software can help protect a user against these threats. There are numerous ...
Keywords: agent technology, malware, peer reporting
650
	
Development of database auditing infrastructure
Zubaria Noreen, Irfan Hameed, Anila Usman
December 2009 		
FIT '09: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Frontiers of Information Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (183.25 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 287,    Citation Count:

A database is considered as a core asset of an organization. Information about customers, employees and employers of the organization is stored in the database. Allowing authorized access to information and it's shielding against unauthorized access ...
Keywords: AutoShrink, auditing, autogrow, infrastructure, network address, night auditing, privileges, service broker, user table
651
	
The other side of privacy: surveillance in data control
Rula Sayaf, Dave Clarke, James B. Rule
July 2015 		
British HCI '15: Proceedings of the 2015 British HCI Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (848.63 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 15,    Citation Count: 0

Privacy and surveillance take on new forms through social software technologies. Privacy may not be achieved by being let alone, rather, by choosing a group of people whom are trusted with one's data. Similarly, surveillance takes the form of monitoring ...
Keywords: data control, privacy, privacy as control, social software, surveillance, the EU data protection directive
652
	
Security requirements for e-government services: a methodological approach for developing a common PKI-based security policy
Costas Lambrinoudakis, Stefanos Gritzalis, Fredj Dridi, GüNther Pernul
October 2003 		
Computer Communications , Volume 26 Issue 16
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The concept of one-stop on-line government is not science fiction any more. On the contrary, the high reliability and performance of communication links, combined with architectural models that facilitate transparent access to distributed computational ...
Keywords: Public Key Infrastructure, Security requirements, e-Government
653
	
Liability issues in software engineering: the use of formal methods to reduce legal uncertainties
Daniel Le Métayer, Manuel Maarek, Eduardo Mazza, Marie-Laure Potet, Stéphane Frénot, Valérie Viet Triem Tong, Nicolas Craipeau, Ronan Hardouin
April 2011 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 54 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (1.72 KB),  PDFPDF (340.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 809,    Citation Count: 2

This paper reports on the results of a multidisciplinary project involving lawyers and computer scientists with the aim to put forward a set of methods and tools to (1) define software liability in a precise and unambiguous way and (2) establish such ...
654
	
Identifying the provenance of correlated anomalies
Dawood Tariq, Basim Baig, Ashish Gehani, Salman Mahmood, Rashid Tahir, Azeem Aqil, Fareed Zaffar
March 2011 		
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (533.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count:

Identifying when anomalous activity is correlated in a distributed system is useful for a range of applications from intrusion detection to tracking quality of service. The more specific the logs, the more precise the analysis they allow. However, collecting ...
Keywords: anomalies, correlation, detection, distributed, grid, lineage, monitoring, provenance
655
	
Physical access control administration using building information models
Nimalaprakasan Skandhakumar, Farzad Salim, Jason Reid, Ed Dawson
December 2012 		
CSS'12: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cyberspace Safety and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Physical access control systems play a central role in the protection of critical infrastructures, where both the provision of timely access and preserving the security of sensitive areas are paramount. In this paper we discuss the shortcomings of existing ...
656
	
Using Visualization in System and Network Administration
Doug Hughes
October 1996 		
LISA '96: Proceedings of the 10th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Unix systems have numerous tools that generate copious amounts of data about performance, security, process status, networking and sundry other things; this usually results in the output of raw numbers or text. Visualization of this data can lead to ...
657
	
Patient responsibility reallocation: a user-centered approach to support nurses' handling of nurse calls
Joakim Klemets, Katrien De Moor
July 2015 		
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 19 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.14 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 3,    Citation Count: 0

A central part of nurses' work at a hospital department is to respond to nurse calls issued by patients in need of assistance. In the highly dynamic work environment, where nurses need to continuously shift focus and handle interruptions, managing nurse ...
Keywords: Collaboration, Healthcare, Human---computer interaction, Nurse call system, Pervasive technology, User-centered design
658
	
Active cyber defense with denial and deception: A cyber-wargame experiment
Kristin E. Heckman, Michael J. Walsh, Frank J. Stech, Todd A. O'boyle, Stephen R. Dicato, Audra F. Herber
September 2013 		
Computers and Security , Volume 37
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In January 2012, MITRE performed a real-time, red team/blue team cyber-wargame experiment. This presented the opportunity to blend cyber-warfare with traditional mission planning and execution, including denial and deception tradecraft. The cyber-wargame ...
Keywords: Authentication, Computer security, Counterdeception, Deception, Denial, Wargame
659
	
Mining web navigations for intelligence
Harris Wu, Michael Gordon, Kurtis DeMaagd, Weiguo Fan
March 2006 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 41 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

The Internet is one of the fastest growing areas of intelligence gathering. We present a statistical approach, called principal clusters analysis, for analyzing millions of user navigations on the Web. This technique identifies prominent navigation clusters ...

Keywords: Information overload, Intelligence, Mining, Navigation analysis, Principal clusters analysis, Trend analysis, Web community
660
	
An overview of web mining in education
Alexandros Kleftodimos, Georgios Evangelidis
September 2013 		
PCI '13: Proceedings of the 17th Panhellenic Conference on Informatics
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (254.12 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 173,   Downloads (Overall): 352,    Citation Count: 0

This paper provides an overview of the advances on web mining in the domain of education by categorizing research on the field using the web-mining taxonomy: web content, web usage and web structure mining. Previous reviews focused on data mining methods ...
Keywords: data mining, education, web mining 
661
	
Two-phase data warehouse optimized for data mining
Balázs Rácz, Csaba István Sidló, András Lukács, András A. Benczúr
September 2006 		
BIRTE'06: Proceedings of the 1st international conference on Business intelligence for the real-time enterprises
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We propose a new, heterogeneous data warehouse architecture where a first phase traditional relational OLAP warehouse coexist with a second phase data in compressed form optimized for data mining. Aggregations and metadata for the entire time frame are ...
662
	
Privacy-preserving location tracking of lost or stolen devices: cryptographic techniques and replacing trusted third parties with DHTs
Thomas Ristenpart, Gabriel Maganis, Arvind Krishnamurthy, Tadayoshi Kohno
July 2008 		
SS'08: Proceedings of the 17th conference on Security symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

We tackle the problem of building privacy-preserving device-tracking systems--or private methods to assist in the recovery of lost or stolen Internet-connected mobile devices. The main goals of such systems are seemingly contradictory: to hide the device's ...
663
	
Safe-Keeping Digital Evidence with Secure Logging Protocols: State of the Art and Challenges
Rafael Accorsi
September 2009 		
IMF '09: Proceedings of the 2009 Fifth International Conference on IT Security Incident Management and IT Forensics
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

While log data are being increasingly used as digital evidence in court, the extent to which existing secure logging protocols used to collect log data fulfill the legal requirements for admissible evidence remain largely unclear. This paper elucidates ...

Keywords: Digital evidence, Preservation, Secure logging protocols, Legal and security requirements
664
	
Compliance Deconstructed
J. C. Cannon, Marilee Byers
September 2006 		
Queue , Volume 4 Issue 7
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (15.77 KB),  PDFPDF (934.42 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 110,   Downloads (12 Months): 883,   Downloads (Overall): 10424,    Citation Count: 9

The topic of compliance becomes increasingly complex each year. Dozens of regulatory requirements can affect a company’s business processes. Moreover, these requirements are often vague and confusing. When those in charge of compliance are ...
665
	
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
August 2008 		
KDD '08: Proceeding of the 14th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (222.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 480,    Citation Count: 8

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns. Though interesting, these patterns reveal local associations and fail to give a comprehensive summary of the ...
Keywords: dynamic programming, event sequences, log mining, minimum description length, summarization
666
	
A latent class modeling approach to detect network intrusion
Yun Wang, Inyoung Kim, Gaston Mbateng, Shih-Yieh Ho
December 2006 		
Computer Communications , Volume 30 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

This study presents a latent class modeling approach to examine network traffic data when labeled abnormal events are absent in training data, or such events are insufficient to fit a conventional regression model. Using six anomaly-associated risk factors ...

Keywords: Classification, Computer security, Intrusion detection, Latent class model, Machine learning
667
	
Security in grid computing: A review and synthesis
Erin Cody, Raj Sharman, Raghav H. Rao, Shambhu Upadhyaya
March 2008 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 44 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

This paper provides an extensive survey of the different methods of addressing security issues in the grid computing environment, and specifically contributes to the research environment by developing a comprehensive framework for classification of these ...

Keywords: Grid computing, Information assurance, Security, Survey and synthesis
668
	
A New Approach to Secure Logging
Di Ma, Gene Tsudik
July 2008 		
Proceeedings of the 22nd annual IFIP WG 11.3 working conference on Data and Applications Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The need for secure logging is well-understood by the security researchers and practitioners. The ability to efficiently verify all (or some) log entries is important to any application employing secure logging techniques. In this paper, we begin by ...
Keywords: MACs, forward secure stream integrity, secure logging, signatures, truncation attack
669
	
Log Analyzer for Network Forensics and Incident Reporting
Joshua Ojo Nehinbe
January 2010 		
ISMS '10: Proceedings of the 2010 International Conference on Intelligent Systems, Modelling and Simulation
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Network Intrusion Detection Systems are used in network forensics and network auditing to log suspicious activities that potentially signify security violations on the networks as alerts. However, the efficacies of intrusion aggregations to succinctly ...

Keywords: Alerts, uninteresting alerts, interesting alerts, aggregation
670
	
Protecting browsers from cross-origin CSS attacks
Lin-Shung Huang, Zack Weinberg, Chris Evans, Collin Jackson
October 2010 		
CCS '10: Proceedings of the 17th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (563.70 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 805,    Citation Count: 8

Cross-origin CSS attacks use style sheet import to steal confidential information from a victim website, hijacking a user's existing authenticated session; existing XSS defenses are ineffective. We show how to conduct these attacks with any browser, ...
Keywords: CSS, content type, same-origin policy
671
	
Reliable evidence: auditability by typing
Nataliya Guts, Cédric Fournet, Francesco Zappa Nardelli
September 2009 		
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Many protocols rely on audit trails to allow an impartial judge to verify a posteriori some property of a protocol run. However, in current practice the choice of what data to log is left to the programmer's intuition, and there is no guarantee that ...
672
	
Analysis of execution log files
Meiyappan Nagappan
May 2010 		
ICSE '10: Proceedings of the 32nd ACM/IEEE International Conference on Software Engineering - Volume 2 , Volume 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (149.74 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 401,    Citation Count:

Log analysis can be used to find problems, define operational profiles, and even pro-actively prevent issues. The goal of my dissertation research is to investigate log management and analysis techniques suited for very large and very complex logs, such ...
Keywords: analysis of textual data, diagnosis, fault isolation, log files
673
	
The interplay among software volatility, complexity and development outcomes: evidence from open source software
Jorge A. Colazo
April 2015 		
International Journal of Information Technology and Management , Volume 14 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The study posits a mediating role of software complexity in the association between software volatility and different software development outcomes. Empirical tests using data from 326 open source software projects support such a partial mediating role ...
674
	
Investigating sophisticated security breaches
Eoghan Casey
February 2006 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 49 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (34.92 KB),  PDFPDF (132.55 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 144,   Downloads (Overall): 4123,    Citation Count: 6

Sophisticated intruders take full advantage of the lack of forensic readiness. To respond more effectively to such attacks, computer security professionals and digital investigators must combine talents and work together.
675
	
Security Views: Security views
Eugene Schultz
December 2003 		
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0
676
	
Collaborative use of individual search histories
Anita Komlodi, Wayne G. Lutters
January 2008 		
Interacting with Computers , Volume 20 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Interaction history tools record interactions between users and systems, allowing users to annotate, edit, and replay their activities. Search history tools, a class of interaction history recorders, preserve search, browse, and other information-seeking ...

Keywords: Awareness, CSCW, Coordination, HCI, Interaction histories, Search histories
677
	
Auditing to keep online storage services honest
Mehul A. Shah, Mary Baker, Jeffrey C. Mogul, Ram Swaminathan
May 2007 		
HOTOS'07: Proceedings of the 11th USENIX workshop on Hot topics in operating systems
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 30

A growing number of online service providers offer to store customers' photos, email, file system backups, and other digital assets. Currently, customers cannot make informed decisions about the risk of losing data stored with any particular service ...
678
	
Towards improved privacy policy coverage in healthcare using policy refinement
Rafae Bhatti, Tyrone Grandison
September 2007 		
SDM'07: Proceedings of the 4th VLDB conference on Secure data management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

It is now mandatory for healthcare organizations to specify and publish their privacy policies. This has made privacy management initiatives in the healthcare sector increasingly important. However, several recent reports in the public media and the ...

Keywords: HIPAA, compliance, healthcare, privacy management, refinement
679
	
DevOps patterns to scale web applications using cloud services
Daniel Cukier
October 2013 		
SPLASH '13: Proceedings of the 2013 companion publication for conference on Systems, programming, & applications: software for humanity
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.09 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 194,   Downloads (Overall): 355,    Citation Count: 0

Scaling a web applications can be easy for simple CRUD software running when you use Platform as a Service Clouds (PaaS). But if you need to deploy a complex software, with many components and a lot users, you will need have a mix of cloud services in ...
Keywords: APIs, AWS, ELB, ELO7, IAAS, S3, SAAS, cloud, cloud computing, devops, email, load balancing, paas, rest, scalability, scalable, tomcat, web services
680
	
Automated inference of past action instances in digital investigations
Joshua I. James, Pavel Gladyshev
June 2015 		
International Journal of Information Security , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As the amount of digital devices suspected of containing digital evidence increases, case backlogs for digital investigations are also increasing in many organizations. To ensure timely investigation of requests, this work proposes the use of signature-based ...
Keywords: Action-trace update pattern detection, Automated inference, Automatic event reconstruction, Digital forensic investigations, Signature analysis 
681
	
What is actually taking place on web sites: e-commerce lessons from web server logs
Mark Rosenstein
October 2000 		
EC '00: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM conference on Electronic commerce
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (257.12 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 877,    Citation Count: 5

Keywords: case studies, graphical analysis, html, http, user interaction, visualization, web server logs
682
	
Ideal log setting for database forensics reconstruction
Oluwasola Mary Adedayo, Martin S. Olivier
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The ability to reconstruct the data stored in a database at an earlier time is an important aspect of database forensics. Past research shows that the log file in a database can be useful for reconstruction. However, in many database systems there are ...
Keywords: Database forensics, Database management system, Digital forensics, Ideal log setting, Reconstruction
683
	
Adding value to log event correlation using distributed techniques
Justin Myers, Michael R. Grimaila, Robert F. Mills
April 2010 		
CSIIRW '10: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (76.23 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 248,    Citation Count:

Log management and monitoring activities have traditionally proved very useful in detecting system and network faults. Increasingly, log monitoring has also been recognized for its value in detecting and thwarting malicious behavior on systems and the ...
Keywords: common event expression, event correlation, insider threat, insider threat detection, log management, web server logs
684
	
Trustworthy middleware services in the cloud
Imad M. Abbadi, Mina Deng, Marco Nalin, Andrew Martin, Milan Petkovic, Ilaria Baroni, Alberto Sanna
October 2011 		
CloudDB '11: Proceedings of the third international workshop on Cloud data management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (940.37 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 54,   Downloads (Overall): 454,    Citation Count:

Establishing trust in systems is a difficult problem to tackle. In the Cloud, establishing trust is even more complicated considering its dynamic nature and distributed resources. One of the Cloud's potential feature is providing transparent management ...
Keywords: cloud computing, establishing trust in clouds, home healthcare, middleware services
685
	
Information rich monitoring of interoperating services in privacy enabled B2B networks
Liam Peyton, Chintan Doshi, Jun Hu, Pierre Seguin
August 2010 		
International Journal of Advanced Media and Communication , Volume 4 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We examine how the Liberty Alliance framework for a privacy-enabled Business to Business (B2B) network of interoperating services called a 'Circle of Trust' (CoT) can be leveraged to monitor activity across the entire network ...
Keywords: B2B networks, Circle of Trust, CoT, Liberty Alliance, activity monitoring, audit trail, business, business-to-, consumer activity, content usage, data collection, data mining, e-commerce, electronic commerce, interoperating services, privacy
686
	
Factors affecting the selection of search tactics: Tasks, knowledge, process, and systems
Iris Xie, Soohyung Joo
March 2012 		
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 48 Issue 2
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This study investigated whether and how different factors in relation to task, user-perceived knowledge, search process, and system affect users' search tactic selection. Thirty-one participants, representing the general public with their own tasks, ...
Keywords: Factors, IR systems, Search process, Search tactics, Tasks, User knowledge
687
	
An experimental study on the measurement of data sensitivity
Youngja Park, Stephen C. Gates, Wilfried Teiken, Pau-Chen Cheng
April 2011 		
BADGERS '11: Proceedings of the First Workshop on Building Analysis Datasets and Gathering Experience Returns for Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (402.69 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 177,    Citation Count:

Data-centric security proposes to leverage the business value of data to determine the level of overall IT security. It has gained much enthusiasm from the security community, but has not materialized into a practical security system. In this paper, ...
688
	
A system for the proactive, continuous, and efficient collection of digital forensic evidence
Clay Shields, Ophir Frieder, Mark Maloof
August 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The historical focus of forensics research and tools on digital systems that are seized from a suspect misses the fact that in centrally controlled networks it is possible to proactively and continuously collect evidence in advance of any known need. ...
Keywords: Deleted file logging, Evidence collection, File similarity, Proactive forensics, Search
689
	
Storage-Based Intrusion Detection
Adam G. Pennington, John Linwood Griffin, John S. Bucy, John D. Strunk, Gregory R. Ganger
December 2010 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (347.89 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 86,   Downloads (Overall): 1094,    Citation Count: 2

Storage-based intrusion detection consists of storage systems watching for and identifying data access patterns characteristic of system intrusions. Storage systems can spot several common intruder actions, such as adding backdoors, inserting Trojan ...
Keywords: Storage, intrusion detection
690
	
Honeynet based distributed adaptive network forensics and active real time investigation
Wei Ren, Hai Jin
March 2005 		
SAC '05: Proceedings of the 2005 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (159.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 1007,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics and honeynet systems have the same features of collecting information about the computer misuses. Honeynet system can lure attackers and gain information about new types of intrusions. Network forensics system can analysis and reconstruct ...
Keywords: computer forensics, digital forensics, honeynet, network, network forensics, network security
691
	
Information security obedience: a definition
Kerry-Lynn Thomson, Rossouw Von Solms
February 2005 		
Computers and Security , Volume 24 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Information is a fundamental asset within any organisation and the protection of this asset, through a process of information security, is of equal importance. This paper examines the relationships that exist between the fields of corporate governance, ...
Keywords: Corporate culture, Corporate governance, Information security, Information security obedience
692
	
Beehive: large-scale log analysis for detecting suspicious activity in enterprise networks
Ting-Fang Yen, Alina Oprea, Kaan Onarlioglu, Todd Leetham, William Robertson, Ari Juels, Engin Kirda
December 2013 		
ACSAC '13: Proceedings of the 29th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (378.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 29,   Downloads (12 Months): 223,   Downloads (Overall): 446,    Citation Count: 1

As more and more Internet-based attacks arise, organizations are responding by deploying an assortment of security products that generate situational intelligence in the form of logs. These logs often contain high volumes of interesting and useful information ...
693
	
TimeCapsule: secure recording of accesses to a protected datastore
Srinivas Krishnan, Fabian Monrose
November 2009 		
VMSec '09: Proceedings of the 1st ACM workshop on Virtual machine security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (760.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 16,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 1

We present an approach for transparently recording accesses to protected storage. In particular, we provide a framework for data monitoring in a virtualized environment using only the abstractions exposed by the hypervisor. To achieve our goals, we explore ...

Keywords: data forensics, security, virtualization
694
	
Filesystem activity following a SSH compromise: an empirical study of file sequences
Jesus Molina, Xavier Chorin, Michel Cukier
November 2007 		
ICISC'07: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Information security and cryptology
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A common method used to detect intrusions is monitoring filesystem data. Once a computer is compromised, an attacker may alter files, add new files or delete existing ones. Attackers may target any part of the filesystem, including metadata along with ...

Keywords: SSH compromises, filesystem data, host intrusion detection systems, intrusion detection systems evaluation
695
	
Building disclosure risk aware query optimizers for relational databases
Mustafa Canim, Murat Kantarcioglu, Bijit Hore, Sharad Mehrotra
September 2010 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 3 Issue 1-2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (733.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 14,   Downloads (Overall): 127,    Citation Count:

Many DBMS products in the market provide built in encryption support to deal with the security concerns of the organizations. This solution is quite effective in preventing data leakage from compromised/stolen storage devices. However, recent studies ...
696
	
Model-driven business process security requirement specification
Christian Wolter, Michael Menzel, Andreas Schaad, Philip Miseldine, Christoph Meinel
April 2009 		
Journal of Systems Architecture: the EUROMICRO Journal , Volume 55 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 13

Various types of security goals, such as authentication or confidentiality, can be defined as policies for service-oriented architectures, typically in a manual fashion. Therefore, we foster a model-driven transformation approach from modelled security ...

Keywords: Access control, Business process, Model transformation, Security annotations, Web service security
697
	
Perceived Audit Quality from ERP Implementations
Pratim Datta, Joseph Nwankpa
January 2012 		
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 25 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Today's organizational information technology IT landscape is dominated by ERP systems. These systems are typically known to bring changes within the organization. Past studies have focused on the technical perspective-the idea of integrating organizational ...
Keywords: Audit Process, Audit Quality, Enterprise Resource Planning ERP, Information System Auditor, Information Technology
698
	
Understanding the decision rules for partitioning logs of intrusion detection systems (IDS)
Joshua Ojo Nehinbe
July 2011 		
International Journal of Internet Technology and Secured Transactions , Volume 3 Issue 3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Unauthorised accesses into computers are serious cyber warfare across the globe. Consequently, an intrusion detector is used for network forensics to maximally detect and report intrusions. The toolkit is generally designed to log tons of unauthorised ...
699
	
Trail of Bytes: New Techniques for Supporting Data Provenance and Limiting Privacy Breaches
Srinivas Krishnan, Kevin Z. Snow, Fabian Monrose
December 2012 		
IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security , Volume 7 Issue 6
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of computer systems requires that one first identify suspicious objects or events, and then examine them in enough detail to form a hypothesis as to their cause and effect. Sadly, while our ability to gather vast amounts of data has ...
700
	
Distributed proxies for browsing privacy: a simulation of flocks
Martin S. Olivier
July 2005 		
SAICSIT '05: Proceedings of the 2005 annual research conference of the South African institute of computer scientists and information technologists on IT research in developing countries
Publisher: South African Institute for Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (134.83 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 0,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count: 3

In previous work we introduced an anonymising proxy scheme --- called Flocks --- to be used for browsing privacy. Flocks is similar to Crowds in that each proxy randomly decides whether to forward any request it receives to the destination Web server, ...
Keywords: personal privacy, privacy architecture, privacy-enhancing technologies 
701
	
An autonomic approach for managing security and identity management policies in enterprises
Alan Ganek, Anthony Nadalin, Nataraj Nagaratnam, Dinesh Verma
July 2006 		
Journal of High Speed Networks , Volume 15 Issue 3
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Policy driven management of secure applications and solutions is emerging as a key concept in meeting the requirements of an on demand enterprise vision. In any enterprise, there are various people acting in specific roles who contribute to the modeling, ...
Keywords: Autonomic Systems, Policy Lifecycle, Security And Identity Policies
702
	
The application of i-voting for estonian parliamentary elections of 2011
Sven Heiberg, Peeter Laud, Jan Willemson
September 2011 		
VoteID'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on E-Voting and Identity
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Estonia has implemented internet voting as a method to participate in various types of elections since 2005. In Riigikogu (parliament) Elections of 2011, over 140,000 voters used the internet voting method. The share of votes cast over the internet among ...
703
	
Security for mobile and cloud frontiers in healthcare
David Kotz, Kevin Fu, Carl Gunter, Avi Rubin
July 2015 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 58 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (20.21 KB),  PDFPDF (631.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 17,    Citation Count: 0

Designers and developers of healthcare information technologies must address preexisting security vulnerabilities and undiagnosed future threats.
704
	
Identifying statistical failure mechanism of web server systems: measurement and reliability analysis
T. Fujii, T. Dohi
January 2010 		
International Journal of Business Intelligence and Data Mining , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Failure phenomena of web server systems are considered to depend on their workload characteristics. In this paper we focus on the Apache server system and analyse the real access&#47;error logs. Based on parametric and non-parametric statistics, ...

Keywords: data analysis, fit test, goodness-of-, measurement, reliability estimation, request based analysis, session-based analysis, web server failure, web servers
705
	
Provenance-Aware Tracing ofWorm Break-in and Contaminations: A Process Coloring Approach
Xuxian Jiang, AAron Walters, Dongyan Xu, Eugene H. Spafford, Florian Buchholz, Yi-Min Wang
July 2006 		
ICDCS '06: Proceedings of the 26th IEEE International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

To investigate the exploitation and contamination by self-propagating Internet worms, a provenance-aware tracing mechanism is highly desirable. Provenance unawareness causes difficulties in fast, accurate identification of a worm's break-in point, and ...
706
	
Brooery: a graphical environment for analysis of security-relevant network activity
Christian Kreibich
April 2005 		
ATEC '05: Proceedings of the annual conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

We present the design and implementation of the Brooery, a system for graphical analysis of network activity reported by instances of the Bro intrusion detection system. It supports multiple input streams and provides a web-based graphical user interface ...
707
	
Privacy Engineering for Digital Rights Management Systems
Joan Feigenbaum, Michael J. Freedman, Tomas Sander, Adam Shostack
November 2001 		
DRM '01: Revised Papers from the ACM CCS-8 Workshop on Security and Privacy in Digital Rights Management
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 16
708
	
Evolving Challenges to the Development and Assessment of Information Literacy Education for Online Safety in Japan
Nagayuki Saito, Ema Tanaka, Eri Yatsuzuka
October 2013 		
Journal of Cases on Information Technology , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Seeking a safer Internet environment for minors, the Japanese government enacted a new law in 2008 to promote both protective measures and empowerment activities. Under the act, many entities, including newly established non-profit organizations NPOs, ...
Keywords: Information Technology IT, Japan Internet Safety Promotion Association JISPA, Non-Profit Organizations NPOs, Online Safety, Safer Internet Environment
709
	
Experiences in the logical specification of the HIPAA and GLBA privacy laws
Henry DeYoung, Deepak Garg, Limin Jia, Dilsun Kaynar, Anupam Datta
October 2010 		
WPES '10: Proceedings of the 9th annual ACM workshop on Privacy in the electronic society
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (562.97 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 237,    Citation Count: 11

Despite the wide array of frameworks proposed for the formal specification and analysis of privacy laws, there has been comparatively little work on expressing large fragments of actual privacy laws in these frameworks. We attempt to bridge this gap ...
Keywords: fixed point logic, glba, hipaa, privacy policy specification
710
	
Stream Bench: Towards Benchmarking Modern Distributed Stream Computing Frameworks
Ruirui Lu, Gang Wu, Bin Xie, Jingtong Hu
December 2014 		
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (377.92 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 19,    Citation Count: 0

While big data is becoming ubiquitous, interest in handling data stream at scale is also gaining popularity, which leads to the sprout of many distributed stream computing systems. However, complexity of stream computing and diversity of workloads expose ...
Keywords: distributed stream computing, benchmark, big data
711
	
Forensic analysis of database tampering
Kyriacos E. Pavlou, Richard T. Snodgrass
November 2008 		
Transactions on Database Systems (TODS) , Volume 33 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.27 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 1384,    Citation Count: 7

Regulations and societal expectations have recently expressed the need to mediate access to valuable databases, even by insiders. One approach is tamper detection via cryptographic hashing. This article shows how to determine when the tampering occurred, ...

Keywords: Monochromatic algorithm, Polychromatic algorithm, RGBY algorithm, Tiled Bitmap algorithm, a3D algorithm, compliant records, forensic analysis algorithm, forensic cost
712
	
Principles of Information Accountability: An eHealth Perspective
Randike Gajanayake, Tony Sahama, Renato Iannella
July 2014 		
International Journal of E-Health and Medical Communications , Volume 5 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Information accountability is seen as a mode of usage control on the Web. Due to its many dimensions, information accountability has been expressed in various ways by computer scientists to address security and privacy in recent times. Information accountability ...
Keywords: Electronic Health Records, Healthcare Information Systems, Information Accountability, Information Privacy, eHealth
713
	
Decision tree based light weight intrusion detection using a wrapper approach
Siva S. Sivatha Sindhu, S. Geetha, A. Kannan
January 2012 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 39 Issue 1
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

The objective of this paper is to construct a lightweight Intrusion Detection System (IDS) aimed at detecting anomalies in networks. The crucial part of building lightweight IDS depends on preprocessing of network data, identifying important features ...
Keywords: Decision tree, Genetic algorithm, Intrusion Detection System, Misuse detection, Neural network, Neurotree
714
	
LiveRAC: interactive visual exploration of system management time-series data
Peter McLachlan, Tamara Munzner, Eleftherios Koutsofios, Stephen North
April 2008 		
CHI '08: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.31 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 104,   Downloads (Overall): 887,    Citation Count: 27

We present LiveRAC, a visualization system that supports the analysis of large collections of system management time-series data consisting of hundreds of parameters across thousands of network devices. LiveRAC provides high information density using ...
Keywords: longitudinal studies, time-series data, visualization
715
	
Realization of the low cost and high performance MySQL cloud database
Wei Cao, Feng Yu, Jiasen Xie
August 2014 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 7 Issue 13
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (184.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 48,    Citation Count: 0

MySQL is a low cost, high performance, good reliability and open source database product, widely used in many Internet companies. For example, there are thousands of MySQL servers being used in Taobao. Although NoSQL developed very quickly in past two ...
716
	
Intrusion detection and identification system using data mining and forensic techniques
Fang-Yie Leu, Kai-Wei Hu, Fuu-Cheng Jiang
October 2007 		
IWSEC'07: Proceedings of the Security 2nd international conference on Advances in information and computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Presently, most computers authenticate a user's ID and password before the user can log in. However, if the two items are known to hackers, there is a risk of security breach. In this paper, we propose a system, named the Intrusion Detection and Identification ...

Keywords: data mining, forensic features, identifying users, intrusion detection
717
	
The case for apportionment
Simon Hay, Andrew Rice
November 2009 		
BuildSys '09: Proceedings of the First ACM Workshop on Embedded Sensing Systems for Energy-Efficiency in Buildings
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (907.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 181,    Citation Count: 14

Apportioning the total energy consumption of a building or organisation to individual users may provide incentives to make reductions. We explore how sensor systems installed in many buildings today can be used to apportion energy consumption between ...
Keywords: personal energy meter
718
	
Catching the malicious insider
Andy Jones
November 2008 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 13 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper looks at the issue of the malicious insider and at a range of the environmental and technical issues that have led to the current situation. The paper also examines why the threat from the malicious insider is changing and looks at a range ...

Keywords: Defence, Detection holistic, Insider
719
	
Evaluating text preprocessing to improve compression on maillogs
Fred Otten, Barry Irwin, Hannah Thinyane
October 2009 		
SAICSIT '09: Proceedings of the 2009 Annual Research Conference of the South African Institute of Computer Scientists and Information Technologists
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (328.53 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 97,    Citation Count:

Maillogs contain important information about mail which has been sent or received. This information can be used for statistical purposes, to help prevent viruses or to help prevent SPAM. In order to satisfy regulations and follow good security practices, ...
Keywords: algorithms, data compression, digital forensics, log management, security and trust management
720
	
Practical policy patterns
Dan Thomsen
February 2011 		
CODASPY '11: Proceedings of the first ACM conference on Data and application security and privacy
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (449.49 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 121,    Citation Count:

The paper attempts to encourage deeper thinking about the nature of security enforcement policies with the intent of fostering a practical engineering design approach for building security enforcement policy. The paper suggests several approaches to ...
Keywords: access control, computer security, security pattern engineering 
721
	
Explorative Visualization of Log Data to Support Forensic Analysis and Signature Development
Sebastian Schmerl, Michael Vogel, René Rietz, Hartmut König
May 2010 		
SADFE '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Fifth IEEE International Workshop on Systematic Approaches to Digital Forensic Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Today’s growing number of security threats to computers and networks also increase the importance of log inspections to support the detection of possible breaches. The investigation and assessment of security incidents becomes more and more a daily ...
Keywords: Computer Security, Computer Forensic, Audit Data Analysis, Intrusion Detection, Misuse Detection, Attack Signatures, Data Visualization
722
	
Virtualization Security Combining Mandatory Access Control and Virtual Machine Introspection
Thu Yein Win, Huaglory Tianfield, Quentin Mair
December 2014 		
UCC '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE/ACM 7th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (558.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 21,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 36,    Citation Count: 0

Virtualization has become a target for attacks in cloud computing environments. Existing approaches to protecting the virtualization environment against the attacks are limited in protection scope and are with high overheads. This paper proposes a novel ...
Keywords: Virtualization, Cloud Computing, Virtual Machines, Security, Virtualization Security, Systems Security, Access Control, Virtual Machine Introspection
723
	
Chukwa: a system for reliable large-scale log collection
Ariel Rabkin, Randy Katz
November 2010 		
LISA'10: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Large installation system administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 11

Large Internet services companies like Google, Yahoo, and Facebook use the MapReduce programming model to process log data. MapReduce is designed to work on data stored in a distributed filesystem like Hadoop's HDFS. As a result, a number of log collection ...
Keywords: logging, research, scale
724
	
Single password authentication
Tolga Acar, Mira Belenkiy, Alptekin Küpçü
September 2013 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 57 Issue 13
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Users frequently reuse their passwords when authenticating to various online services. Combined with the use of weak passwords or honeypot/phishing attacks, this brings high risks to the security of the user's account information. In this paper, we propose ...
Keywords: Dictionary attacks, Honeypots, Malware, Mobile, Password-based authentication, Privacy
725
	
Mitigation of malicious modifications by insiders in databases
Harini Ragavan, Brajendra Panda
December 2011 		
ICISS'11: Proceedings of the 7th international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Insider threat is considered as a serious issue in all organizations. Sophisticated insiders can override threat prevention tools and carry on their attacks with new techniques. One such technique which remains to be an advantage for insiders to attack ...
Keywords: database, dependency graph, insider threat, log, threshold
726
	
A platform for RFID security and privacy administration
Melanie R. Rieback, Georgi N. Gaydadjiev, Bruno Crispo, Rutger F. H. Hofman, Andrew S. Tanenbaum
December 2006 		
LISA '06: Proceedings of the 20th conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

This paper presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of the RFID Guardian, the first-ever unified platform for RFID security and privacy administration. The RFID Guardian resembles an "RFID firewall," that monitors and controls access to RFID ...
727
	
Toward Automated MAC Spoofer Investigations
Serguei A. Mokhov, Michael J. Assels, Joey Paquet, Mourad Debbabi
August 2014 		
C3S2E '14: Proceedings of the 2014 International C* Conference on Computer Science & Software Engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (311.81 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 50,    Citation Count: 0

We automate live and dead forensic evidence gathering for MAC spoofer investigations and formalize its encoding in Forensic Lucid for subsequent reasoning. The monitoring covers a Faculty's network focusing on 1000 analyst-managed clients. We describe ...
Keywords: Forensic Lucid, MAC spoofing, automated investigations, formal methods
728
	
Analyzing network behaviors with knowledge acquisition and data warehousing
Shun-Chieh Lin, Po-Chih Huang, Shian-Shyong Tseng, Nien-Yi Jan
July 2006 		
ICCOMP'06: Proceedings of the 10th WSEAS international conference on Computers
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

As the growth of network environment dramatically increases, the network-based applications and services become more important. Many researches have developed different systematic approaches to analyze different network traffic sources. However, the ...
Keywords: OLAP, data cube, data warehouse, knowledge acquisition, network behavior
729
	
Detecting intrusion transactions in database systems: a novel approach
Mina Sohrabi, Mohammad M. Javidi, Sattar Hashemi
June 2014 		
Journal of Intelligent Information Systems , Volume 42 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The security of computers and their networks is of crucial concern in the world today. One mechanism to safeguard information stored in database systems is an Intrusion Detection System (IDS). The purpose of intrusion detection in database systems is ...
Keywords: Data dependency, Data mining, Intrusion detection, K-optimal rule discovery, Malicious transactions
730
	
A hybrid honeypot framework for improving intrusion detection systems in protecting organizational networks
Hassan Artail, Haidar Safa, Malek Sraj, Iyad Kuwatly, Zaid Al-Masri
June 2006 		
Computers and Security , Volume 25 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

This paper proposes a hybrid and adaptable honeypot-based approach that improves the currently deployed IDSs for protecting networks from intruders. The main idea is to deploy low-interaction honeypots that act as emulators of services and operating ...
Keywords: Computer security, Honeypots, Intrusion detection, Network security, Organizational networks, Snort
731
	
Adaptive Visualization Interface That Manages User's Cognitive Load Based on Interaction Characteristics
Anatoly Yelizarov, Dennis Gamayunov
August 2014 		
VINCI '14: Proceedings of the 7th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (3.24 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 91,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count: 0

Efficiency of visualization interfaces in terms of their users' decisions speed and accuracy in safety-critical areas is extremely important as late or wrong reaction on displayed information may cause at least financial losses (not to mention the damage ...
Keywords: Adaptive visualization, HCI characteristics, cognitive load, interface efficiency, monitoring system interfaces, safety-critical interfaces, situation awareness interfaces, user-adaptive interfaces, visualization evaluation methods, web interfaces
732
	
A scalable network forensics mechanism for stealthy self-propagating attacks
Li Ming Chen, Meng Chang Chen, Wanjiun Liao, Yeali S. Sun
July 2013 		
Computer Communications , Volume 36 Issue 13
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics supports capabilities such as attacker identification and attack reconstruction, which complement the traditional intrusion detection and perimeter defense techniques in building a robust security mechanism. Attacker identification ...
Keywords: Contact activity, Data reduction, Network forensics, Stealthy self-propagating attack
733
	
Provenance for system troubleshooting
Marc Chiarini
December 2011 		
LISA'11: Proceedings of the 25th international conference on Large Installation System Administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

System administrators use a variety of techniques to track down and repair (or avoid) problems that occur in the systems under their purview. Analyzing log files, cross-correlating events on different machines, establishing liveness and performance monitors, ...
Keywords: dependencies, diagnosis, mental models, provenance, troubleshooting
734
	
Human factors in webserver log file analysis: a controlled experiment on investigating malicious activity
Lucas Layman, Sylvain David Diffo, Nico Zazworka
April 2014 		
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (345.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 55,    Citation Count: 0

While automated methods are the first line of defense for detecting attacks on webservers, a human agent is required to understand the attacker's intent and the attack process. The goal of this research is to understand the value of various log fields ...
Keywords: human factors, log files, science of security, security
735
	
Leveraging CybOX to standardize representation and exchange of digital forensic information
Eoghan Casey, Greg Back, Sean Barnum
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue S1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

With the growing number of digital forensic tools and the increasing use of digital forensics in various contexts, including incident response and cyber threat intelligence, there is a pressing need for a widely accepted standard for representing and ...
Keywords: CybOX, DFAX, DFXML, Digital forensic XML, Digital forensic ontology, Digital forensics, Standard representation
736
	
On scaling up sensitive data auditing
Raghav Kaushik, Yupeng Fu, Ravishankar Ramamurthy
March 2013 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 6 Issue 5
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.86 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 47,    Citation Count: 0

This paper studies the following problem: given (1) a query and (2) a set of sensitive records, find the subset of records "accessed" by the query. The notion of a query accessing a single record is adopted from prior work. There are several scenarios ...
737
	
Advances and Challenges in Log Analysis
Adam Oliner, Archana Ganapathi, Wei Xu
December 2011 		
Queue , Volume 9 Issue 12
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (39.38 KB),  PDFPDF (194.46 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 970,   Downloads (12 Months): 8793,   Downloads (Overall): 22992,    Citation Count: 4

Logs contain a wealth of information for help in managing systems.
738
	
Storage-based intrusion detection: watching storage activity for suspicious behavior
Adam G. Pennington, John D. Strunk, John Linwood Griffin, Craig A. N. Soules, Garth R. Goodson, Gregory R. Ganger
August 2003 		
SSYM'03: Proceedings of the 12th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 12 , Volume 12
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 29

Storage-based intrusion detection allows storage systems to watch for data modifications characteristic of system intrusions. This enables storage systems to spot several common intruder actions, such as adding backdoors, inserting Trojan horses, and ...
739
	
A software method for managing event logs to improve quality and dependability of business processes
Mehmet S. Unluturk, Kaan Kurtel
July 2010 		
ICCOMP'10: Proceedings of the 14th WSEAS international conference on Computers: part of the 14th WSEAS CSCC multiconference - Volume I , Volume I
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we propose a logging service on .NET environment that utilizes the business process management domain to improve business fault tolerance, fault avoidance and alert managers to undesirable effects. The purpose of logging business processes ...
Keywords: business process logging, diagnostics log viewer, diagnostics logging control, event log
740
	
Audit Log Management in MongoDB
Prabhakaran Murugesan, Indrakshi Ray
June 2014 		
SERVICES '14: Proceedings of the 2014 IEEE World Congress on Services
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the past few years, web-based applications and their data management needs have changed dramatically. Relational databases are often being replaced by other viable alternatives, such as NoSQL databases, for reasons of scalability and heterogeneity. ...
Keywords: NoSQL, MongoDB, Audit Trail, Log Management 
741
	
Privacy with delegation of rights by identity management
Sven Wohlgemuth, Günter Müller
June 2006 		
ETRICS'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Emerging Trends in Information and Communication Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Privacy in business processes with proxies is not possible. Users need to share attributes with their proxies which leads to “Big Brothers”. This is the reason why identity management systems such as Liberty Alliance and Microsoft .NET Passport ...
742
	
Retrofitting network security to third-party applications: the secureBase experience
Jonathan I. Kamens
October 1993 		
usenix-ss'93: Proceedings of the 4th conference on UNIX security symposium - Volume 4 , Volume 4
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Systems such as Kerberos, designed to provide secure user and service authentication over insecure open networks, continue to gain acceptance in the UNIX world. There are both freely available and commercial products which reduce the vulnerabilities ...
743
	
Autonomous decision on intrusion detection with trained BDI agents
Agustín Orfila, Javier Carbó, Arturo Ribagorda
June 2008 		
Computer Communications , Volume 31 Issue 9
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

In the context of computer security, the first step to respond to an intrusive incident is the detection of such activity in the monitored system. In recent years, research in intrusion detection has evolved to become a multi-discipline task that involves ...

Keywords: Decision analysis, Intrusion detection and response, Knowledge management and reasoning, Multiagent system
744
	
Automating voting terminal event log analysis
Tigran Antonyan, Seda Davtyan, Sotirios Kentros, Aggelos Kiayias, Laurent Michel, Nicolas Nicolaou, Alexander Russell, Alexander Shvartsman
August 2009 		
EVT/WOTE'09: Proceedings of the 2009 conference on Electronic voting technology/workshop on trustworthy elections
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

In the interest of auditing election procedures, certain electronic voting technologies provide monitoring capabilities that record select actions undertaken by election officials before, during, and after an election process, as well as the conditions ...
745
	
Interactive analysis of computer scenarios through parallel coordinates graphics
Gabriel D. Cavalcante, Sebastien Tricaud, Cleber P. Souza, Paulo Lício de Geus
June 2012 		
ICCSA'12: Proceedings of the 12th international conference on Computational Science and Its Applications - Volume Part IV , Volume Part IV
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A security analyst plays a key role in tackling unusual incidents, which is an extenuating task to be properly done, a single service can generate a massive amount of log data in a single day. The analysis of such data is a challenge. Among several available ...
746
	
Legal issues surrounding monitoring during network research
Douglas C. Sicker, Paul Ohm, Dirk Grunwald
October 2007 		
IMC '07: Proceedings of the 7th ACM SIGCOMM conference on Internet measurement
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (300.46 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 25,   Downloads (Overall): 566,    Citation Count: 22

This work was motivated by a discussion that two of the coauthors (computer science professors) had with the other coauthor (a law professor and a former computer crime Trial Attorney at the U.S. Department of Justice), in which it was pointed out that ...
Keywords: law, legal, monitoring, privacy, wiretap
747
	
A computer forensics minor curriculum proposal
William Figg, Zehai Zhou
April 2007 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 22 Issue 4
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (136.94 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 1000,    Citation Count: 2

Computer and network security is a growing concern to all organizations and individuals worldwide. Information security is a critical part of information and communication technology infrastructure. Computer forensics can play an indispensable role in ...
748
	
News: Virus tracking moves back to basics
November 2003 		
Network Security , Volume 2003 Issue 11
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Sobig and Blaster authors are proving so elusive, that Microsoft is forking out $250,000 for any leads. This is a short news story only. Visit www.compseconline.com for the latest computer security industry news.
749
	
An amulet for trustworthy wearable mHealth
Jacob Sorber, Minho Shin, Ronald Peterson, Cory Cornelius, Shrirang Mare, Aarathi Prasad, Zachary Marois, Emma Smithayer, David Kotz
February 2012 		
HotMobile '12: Proceedings of the Twelfth Workshop on Mobile Computing Systems & Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (452.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 157,   Downloads (Overall): 519,    Citation Count: 10

Mobile technology has significant potential to help revolutionize personal wellness and the delivery of healthcare. Mobile phones, wearable sensors, and home-based tele-medicine devices can help caregivers and individuals themselves better monitor and ...
750
	
Remarks on the industrial application of inductive database technologies
Kimmo Hätönen, Mika Klemettinen, Markus Miettinen
March 2004 		
Proceedings of the 2004 European conference on Constraint-Based Mining and Inductive Databases
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The research in the area of inductive databases has taken huge steps forward during recent years. Various results have been produced and published by many groups all around the world. The next big challenge for the research community together with industry ...
751
	
Design and development of malafide intension based privacy violation detection system (an ongoing research report)
Shyam K. Gupta, Vikram Goyal, Bholi Patra, Sankalp Dubey, Anand Gupta
December 2006 		
ICISS'06: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In the past few years there has been an increased focus on privacy issues for Information Systems which has resulted in concerted systematic work focused on regulations, tools and enforcement. Despite this, privacy violations still do take place. Therefore ...
752
	
Bringing Arbitrary Compute to Authoritative Data
Mark Cavage, David Pacheco
June 2014 		
Queue , Volume 12 Issue 6
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (42.75 KB),  PDFPDF (321.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 922,   Downloads (12 Months): 20999,   Downloads (Overall): 20999,    Citation Count: 0

Many disparate use cases can be satisfied with a single storage system.
753
	
Detection of malicious and non-malicious website visitors using unsupervised neural network learning
Dusan Stevanovic, Natalija Vlajic, Aijun An
January 2013 		
Applied Soft Computing , Volume 13 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Distributed denials of service (DDoS) attacks are recognized as one of the most damaging attacks on the Internet security today. Recently, malicious web crawlers have been used to execute automated DDoS attacks on web sites across the WWW. In this study, ...
Keywords: Clustering, Denial of service, Machine learning, Neural networks, Web crawler detection, Web server access logs
754
	
Automated event and social network extraction from digital evidence sources with ontological mapping
Benjamin Turnbull, Suneel Randhawa
June 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 13 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The sharp rise in consumer computing, electronic and mobile devices and data volumes has resulted in increased workloads for digital forensic investigators and analysts. The number of crimes involving electronic devices is increasing, as is the amount ...
Keywords: Artificial intelligence, Big data, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Event representation, Forensic tool development, Knowledge representation, Ontology, Software engineering, Triage
755
	
StepStream: a school-based pervasive social fitness system for everyday adolescent health
Andrew D. Miller, Elizabeth D. Mynatt
April 2014 		
CHI '14: Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.05 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 201,   Downloads (Overall): 242,    Citation Count: 3

Computer-supported fitness interventions for adolescents have the potential to improve adolescents' attitudes and perceptions about physical activity through peer influence and interpersonal accountability. Past research has explored the potential of ...
Keywords: adolescents, deployments, fitness intervention, pervasive health, social computing, youth
756
	
Categorizing Computing Assets According to Communication Patterns
Dieter Gantenbein, Luca Deri
May 2002 		
Advanced Lectures on Networking, NETWORKING 2002 [This book presents the revised version of seven tutorials given at the NETWORKING 2002 Conference in Pisa, Italy in May 2002]
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

In today's dynamic information society, organizations critically depend on the underlying computing infrastructure. Tracking computing devices as assets and their usage helps in the provision and maintenance of an efficient, optimized service. A precise ...
Keywords: IT audit, OLAP, data mining, due diligence, inventory and asset management, network and system management
757
	
Bypassing information leakage protection with trusted applications
Jorge Blasco, Julio Cesar Hernandez-Castro, Juan E. Tapiador, Arturo Ribagorda
June 2012 		
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Insider threats are an increasing concern for most modern organizations. Information leakage is one of the most important insider threats, particularly according to its potential financial impact. Data Leakage Protection (DLP) systems have been developed ...
Keywords: Data leakage, Evasion, Information leakage, Malicious insiders, Sensitive information, Trusted applications
758
	
Using visualization to teach security
Dino Schweitzer, Wayne Brown
May 2009 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 24 Issue 5
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (190.85 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 338,    Citation Count: 6

Interactive visualization tools have been shown to be an effective means for engaging students in the learning process. Information security is a complex topic that can benefit from judicious design and application of classroom visualizations. At our ...
759
	
Ensemble PDP-8: eight principles for distributed portals
Edward A. Fox, Yinlin Chen, Monika Akbar, Clifford A. Shaffer, Stephen H. Edwards, Peter Brusilovsky, Dan Garcia, Lois Delcambre, Felicia Decker, David Archer, Richard Furuta, Frank Shipman, Stephen Carpenter, Lillian Cassel
June 2010 		
JCDL '10: Proceedings of the 10th annual joint conference on Digital libraries
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.45 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 6

Ensemble, the National Science Digital Library (NSDL) Pathways project for Computing, builds upon a diverse group of prior NSDL, DL-I, and other projects. Ensemble has shaped its activities according to principles related to design, development, implementation, ...
Keywords: adaptive education system, distributed portal, ontology, superimposed information
760
	
The case for internet voting
Joe Mohen, Julia Glidden
January 2001 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 44 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (35.34 KB),  PDFPDF (158.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 124,   Downloads (Overall): 4243,    Citation Count: 7
761
	
Corporate management of computer forensics evidence
James William Rust
September 2006 		
InfoSecCD '06: Proceedings of the 3rd annual conference on Information security curriculum development
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (36.74 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 992,    Citation Count: 0

Computer forensics is a new and emerging field in information security that requires specialized skills in order to collect and preserve data on systems that have been breeched by a hacker, either internal or external to the company. Collecting and processing ...
Keywords: computer forensics, digital evidence, hackers, incident response, information security, investigation, management
762
	
Knowing who to watch: Identifying attackers whose actions are hidden within false alarms and background noise
Howard Chivers, John A. Clark, Philip Nobles, Siraj A. Shaikh, Hao Chen
March 2013 		
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 15 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Insider attacks are often subtle and slow, or preceded by behavioral indicators such as organizational rule-breaking which provide the potential for early warning of malicious intent; both these cases pose the problem of identifying attacks from limited ...
Keywords: Bayesian, Behavioural, Evidence, Insider, Intrusion detection, Network, Security, Subtle attack
763
	
Managing networks through context: Graph visualization and exploration
Qi Liao, Andrew Blaich, Dirk VanBruggen, Aaron Striegel
November 2010 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 54 Issue 16
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With the increasing prevalence of multi-user environments in distributed systems, it has become an increasingly challenging task to precisely identify who is doing what on an enterprise network. Current management systems that rely on inference for user ...
Keywords: Context, Enterprise network management, Forensics, Graphs, Interactive exploration, Security, Visual mining, Visualization
764
	
Cloud Security Engineering: Avoiding Security Threats the Right Way
Shadi Aljawarneh
April 2011 		
International Journal of Cloud Applications and Computing , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Information security is a key challenge in the Cloud because the data will be virtualized across different host machines, hosted on the Web. Cloud provides a channel to the service or platform in which it operates. However, the owners of data will be ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Distributed Computing, Infrastructure Development Life Cycle IDLC, Platform Development Life Cycle PDLC, Security, Service Development Life Cycle SDLC, Web Service
765
	
Privacy protection in data sharing: towards feedback based solutions
Mortaza S. Bargh, Ronald Meijer, Sunil Choenni, Peter Conradie
October 2014 		
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (385.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 44,   Downloads (Overall): 44,    Citation Count: 0

Sharing data is gaining importance in recent years due to proliferation of social media and a growing tendency of governments to gain citizens' trust through being transparent. Data dissemination, however, increases chance of compromising privacy sensitive ...
Keywords: data fusion, data sharing, egovernment, feedback, privacy, trust
766
	
Automated Generation of Music Playlists: Survey and Experiments
Geoffray Bonnin, Dietmar Jannach
January 2015 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.10 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 38,   Downloads (12 Months): 460,   Downloads (Overall): 460,    Citation Count: 0

Most of the time when we listen to music on the radio or on our portable devices, the order in which the tracks are played is governed by so-called playlists. These playlists are basically sequences of tracks that traditionally are designed manually ...
Keywords: Music, algorithm, evaluation, playlist
767
	
Analyzing and mining a code search engine usage log
Sushil Krishna Bajracharya, Cristina Videira Lopes
August 2012 		
Empirical Software Engineering , Volume 17 Issue 4-5
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

This paper presents an analysis of a year long usage log of Koders, the first commercially available Internet-Scale code search engine ( http://www.koders.com ...
Keywords: Code search engine, Mining topics, Usage log analysis
768
	
Use of XML and Java for collaborative petroleum reservoir modeling on the Internet
John Victorine, W. Lynn Watney, Saibal Bhattacharya
November 2005 		
Computers & Geosciences , Volume 31 Issue 9
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The GEMINI (Geo-Engineering Modeling through INternet Informatics) is a public-domain, web-based freeware that is made up of an integrated suite of 14 Java-based software tools to accomplish on-line, real-time geologic and engineering reservoir modeling. ...

Keywords: GEMINI, Java, Petroleum web-based software, Reservoir modeling, Web start, XML
769
	
Achieving Accountable MapReduce in cloud computing
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
January 2014 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 30 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

MapReduce is a programming model that is capable of processing large data sets in distributed computing environments. The original MapReduce model was designed to be fault-tolerant in case of various network abnormalities. However, fault-tolerance does ...
Keywords: Accountable, Cloud computing, MapReduce
770
	
Analysis of recommended cloud security controls to validate OpenPMF "policy as a service"
Ulrich Lang, Rudolf Schreiner
August 2011 		
Information Security Tech. Report , Volume 16 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper describes some of the findings of a cloud research project the authors carried out in Q2/2011. As part of the project, the authors first identified security concerns related to cloud computing, and gaps in cloud-related standards/regulations. ...
Keywords: Access policy, Accreditation, Application security, Audit policy, Authorization management, Cloud, Compliance, HIPAA, Model-driven security, NIST 800-147, NIST 800-53, NIST IR 7628, OpenPMF, PCI-DSS, Policy, Security, XACML
771
	
Palantir: a framework for collaborative incident response and investigation
Himanshu Khurana, Jim Basney, Mehedi Bakht, Mike Freemon, Von Welch, Randy Butler
April 2009 		
IDtrust '09: Proceedings of the 8th Symposium on Identity and Trust on the Internet
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.18 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 849,    Citation Count: 4

Organizations owning cyber-infrastructure assets face large scale distributed attacks on a regular basis. In the face of increasing complexity and frequency of such attacks, we argue that it is insufficient to rely on organizational incident response ...

Keywords: digital investigation, incident response, multi-site collaboration
772
	
Bridging the gaps: joining information sources with Splunk
Jon Stearley, Sophia Corwell, Ken Lord
October 2010 		
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Supercomputers are composed of many diverse components, operated at a variety of scales, and function as a coherent whole. The resulting logs are thus diverse in format, interrelated at multiple scales, and provide evidence of faults across subsystems. ...
773
	
Turtles all the way down: a clean-slate, ground-up, first-principles approach to secure systems
Sean Peisert, Ed Talbot, Matt Bishop
September 2012 		
NSPW '12: Proceedings of the 2012 workshop on New security paradigms
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (576.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 39,   Downloads (Overall): 150,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we present a set of security requirements for critical systems, fundamental premises that those requirements would entail, and ideas for implementations that would instantiate those premises. We discuss the overriding requirement guiding ...
Keywords: assurance, continuous authentication, dynamic access control, fault tolerance, first principles, formal methods, identity binding, insiders, metrics, perfect privacy, probabilistic computing, security policy, trust negotiation
774
	
Explanation-based auditing
Daniel Fabbri, Kristen LeFevre
September 2011 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (678.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 38,   Downloads (Overall): 187,    Citation Count:

To comply with emerging privacy laws and regulations, it has become common for applications like electronic health records systems (EHRs) to collect access logs, which record each time a user (e.g., a hospital employee) accesses a piece of sensitive ...
775
	
Mobile Technology and Action Teams: Assessing BlackBerry Use in Law Enforcement Units
Susan G. Straus, Tora K. Bikson, Edward Balkovich, John F. Pane
February 2010 		
Computer Supported Cooperative Work , Volume 19 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

This research explores the effectiveness of mobile wireless information and communication technologies (ICTs) for law enforcement teams. Law enforcement teams require real-time information access and rapid communication to diagnose potential threats, ...

Keywords: BlackBerry, CSCW, action teams, email, information and communication technology, law enforcement, mobile technology, technology acceptance, technology adoption, wireless handheld
776
	
Embellishing text search queries to protect user privacy
HweeHwa Pang, Xuhua Ding, Xiaokui Xiao
September 2010 		
Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment , Volume 3 Issue 1-2
Publisher: VLDB Endowment
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (795.05 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 11

Users of text search engines are increasingly wary that their activities may disclose confidential information about their business or personal profiles. It would be desirable for a search engine to perform document retrieval for users while protecting ...
777
	
Forensic collection of cloud storage data: Does the act of collection result in changes to the data or its metadata?
Darren Quick, Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo
October 2013 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 10 Issue 3
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The timely acquisition and preservation of data from cloud storage can be an issue for law enforcement agencies and other digital forensic practitioners. In a jurisdiction which has legal provisions to collect data available to a computer or device, ...
Keywords: Cloud forensics, Cloud storage, Computer forensics, Data collection, Digital evidence, Digital forensics, Dropbox, Google Drive, Microsoft SkyDrive, Preservation
778
	
Run-time correlation engine for system monitoring and testing
Viliam Holub, Trevor Parsons, Patrick O'Sullivan, John Murphy
June 2009 		
ICAC-INDST '09: Proceedings of the 6th international conference industry session on Autonomic computing and communications industry session
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (424.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 263,    Citation Count:

Today's enterprise applications can produce vast amounts of information both during system testing and in production. Correlation of this information can be difficult as it is generally stored in a range of different event logs, the format of which can ...

Keywords: event correlation, event filtering, system monitoring and testing
779
	
e-governance in debts recovery tribunals and debts recovery appellate tribunals: a framework for implementation in India
Sanjeev Kumar Katara, Nagesh Shastri
October 2014 		
ICEGOV '14: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Theory and Practice of Electronic Governance
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (101.71 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 7,    Citation Count: 0

This paper aims to study the processes of Debts Recovery Tribunals (DRTs) and Debts Recovery Appellate Tribunals (DRATs) in India and propose an e-Governance framework to improve their core functioning and expedite the recovery of Non-Performing Assets ...
Keywords: DRAT, DRT, India, NPA, RDDB&FI, SARFAESI, e-governance, finance, framework, law
780
	
Accountability and deterrence in online life
Joan Feigenbaum, James A. Hendler, Aaron D. Jaggard, Daniel J. Weitzner, Rebecca N. Wright
June 2011 		
WebSci '11: Proceedings of the 3rd International Web Science Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (220.83 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 32,    Citation Count: 3

The standard technical approach to privacy and security in online life is preventive: Before someone can access confidential data or take any other action that implicates privacy or security, he should be required to prove that he is authorized ...
Keywords: accountability, deterrence, privacy, security 
781
	
Catching spam before it arrives: domain specific dynamic blacklists
Duncan Cook, Jacky Hartnett, Kevin Manderson, Joel Scanlan
January 2006 		
ACSW Frontiers '06: Proceedings of the 2006 Australasian workshops on Grid computing and e-research - Volume 54 , Volume 54
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (160.06 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 31,   Downloads (Overall): 1294,    Citation Count: 8

The arrival of any piece of unsolicited and unwanted email (spam) into a user's email inbox is a problem. It results in real costs to organisations and possibly an increasing reluctance to use email by some users. Currently most spam prevention techniques ...
782
	
Forensic analysis of logs: Modeling and verification
Mohamed Saleh, Ali Reza Arasteh, Assaad Sakha, Mourad Debbabi
October 2007 		
Knowledge-Based Systems , Volume 20 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks against the system. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal ...

Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Logging systems, Model checking
783
	
Towards job accounting in existing resource schedulers: weaknesses and improvements
Herbert Rosmanith, Peter Praxmarer, Dieter Kranzlmüller, Jens Volkert
September 2006 		
HPCC'06: Proceedings of the Second international conference on High Performance Computing and Communications
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The vision of having access to tremendous amounts of computation and storage resources on demand, together with access to special devices, similar to the availability of today's power grids has been formulated by Ian Foster and Carl Kesselman in ...
784
	
Logging based IP Traceback in switched ethernets
Marios S. Andreou, Aad van Moorsel
March 2008 		
EUROSEC '08: Proceedings of the 1st European Workshop on System Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (327.98 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 146,    Citation Count:

IP Traceback systems facilitate tracing of IP packets back to their origin, despite possibly forged or overwritten source address data. A common shortcoming of existing proposals is that they identify source network, but not the source host. ...
785
	
Fine-grained role-based delegation in presence of the hybrid role hierarchy
James B. D. Joshi, Elisa Bertino
June 2006 		
SACMAT '06: Proceedings of the eleventh ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (594.43 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 685,    Citation Count: 9

Delegation of authority is an important process that needs to be captured by any access control model. In role-based access control models, delegation of authority involves delegating roles that a user can assume or the set of permissions that he can ...
Keywords: access control, delegation, hybrid hierarchy, role based
786
	
An analysis of web proxy logs with query distribution pattern approach for search engines
Mona Taghavi, Ahmed Patel, Nikita Schmidt, Christopher Wills, Yiqi Tew
January 2012 		
Computer Standards & Interfaces , Volume 34 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

This study presents an analysis of users' queries directed at different search engines to investigate trends and suggest better search engine capabilities. The query distribution among search engines that includes spawning of queries, number of terms ...
Keywords: Distributed search engines, Proxy server logs, Query analysis, Search engines, Web search services
787
	
Flexible aspect-based service adaptation for accountability properties in the cloud
Ronan-Alexandre Cherrueau, Omar Chebaro, Mario Südholt
March 2013 		
VariComp '13: Proceedings of the 4th international workshop on Variability & composition
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (524.36 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 59,    Citation Count: 0

Accountability properties, i.e., security and privacy properties for trustworthy data stewardship, are becoming increasingly important for Cloud applications. Frequently, they have to be enforced on large-scale service-based applications. In this paper ...
Keywords: AOP, accountability, gray-box composition, service composition
788
	
Fuzzy cognitive map based on structural equation modeling for the design of controls in business-to-consumer e-commerce web-based systems
Sangjae Lee, Hyunchul Ahn
September 2009 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 36 Issue 7
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Security and integrity of business-to-consumer e-commerce web-based systems (ECWS) is becoming a concern among ECWS adopters. The controls for ECWS are classified into controls for system continuity, access controls, communication controls, and informal ...

Keywords: Causal relationships, ECWS controls, Fuzzy cognitive map, Structural equations modeling
789
	
Securing electronic medical records using biometric authentication
Stephen Krawczyk, Anil K. Jain
July 2005 		
AVBPA'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Audio- and Video-Based Biometric Person Authentication
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Ensuring the security of medical records is becoming an increasingly important problem as modern technology is integrated into existing medical services. As a consequence of the adoption of electronic medical records in the health care sector, it is ...
790
	
Electronic distribution of airplane software and the impact of information security on airplane safety
Richard Robinson, Mingyan Li, Scott Lintelman, Krishna Sampigethaya, Radha Poovendran, David Von Oheimb, Jens-Uwe Bußer, Jorge Cuellar
September 2007 		
SAFECOMP'07: Proceedings of the 26th international conference on Computer Safety, Reliability, and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

The general trend towards ubiquitous networking has reached the realm of airplanes. E-enabled airplanes with wired and wireless network interfaces offer a wide spectrum of network applications, in particular electronic distribution of software (EDS), ...
791
	
Extracting the system call identifier from within VFS: a kernel stack parsing-based approach
Suvrojit Das, Debayan Chatterjee, D. Ghosh, Narayan C. Debnath
March 2014 		
International Journal of Information and Computer Security , Volume 6 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

System call information has been one of the most important candidates for intrusion detection and forensic analysis research during the last several years. This paper focuses on extraction of system call information in terms of system call identifier ...
792
	
Server-side detection of malware infection
Markus Jakobsson, Ari Juels
September 2009 		
NSPW '09: Proceedings of the 2009 workshop on New security paradigms workshop
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (301.84 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 510,    Citation Count: 5

We review the intertwined problems of malware and online fraud, and argue that the fact that service providers often are nancially responsible for fraud causes a relative lack of incentives for clients to manage their own security well. This suggests ...

Keywords: anti-virus, audit, cell phone, detection, fraud, incentive compatible, infection, malware, mobile, post-mortem, retroactive
793
	
On designing usable and secure recognition-based graphical authentication mechanisms
Martin Mihajlov, Borka Jerman-Blaic
November 2011 		
Interacting with Computers , Volume 23 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this article we present the development of a new, web-based, graphical authentication mechanism called ImagePass. The authentication mechanism introduces a novel feature based on one-time passwords that increases the security of the system without ...
Keywords: Graphical authentication, Graphical passwords, System design, User evaluation
794
	
Not quite the average: An empirical study of Web use
Harald Weinreich, Hartmut Obendorf, Eelco Herder, Matthias Mayer
February 2008 		
Transactions on the Web (TWEB) , Volume 2 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (967.16 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 289,   Downloads (Overall): 5012,    Citation Count: 31

In the past decade, the World Wide Web has been subject to dramatic changes. Web sites have evolved from static information resources to dynamic and interactive applications that are used for a broad scope of activities on a daily basis. To examine the ...
Keywords: Navigation, WWW, Web, browser interfaces, hypertext, usability, user study, web browsing, web design
795
	
Communication, collaboration, and bugs: the social nature of issue tracking in small, collocated teams
Dane Bertram, Amy Voida, Saul Greenberg, Robert Walker
February 2010 		
CSCW '10: Proceedings of the 2010 ACM conference on Computer supported cooperative work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (432.97 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 113,   Downloads (Overall): 777,    Citation Count: 16

Issue tracking systems help organizations manage issue reporting, assignment, tracking, resolution, and archiving. Traditionally, it is the Software Engineering community that researches issue tracking systems, where software defects are reported and ...

Keywords: issue tracking, shared knowledge, software engineering
796
	
The collective infrastructural work of electricity: exploring feedback in a prepaid university dorm in China
Tengfei Liu, Xianghua Ding, Silvia Lindtner, Tun Lu, Ning Gu
September 2013 		
UbiComp '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM international joint conference on Pervasive and ubiquitous computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (992.07 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 83,   Downloads (Overall): 247,    Citation Count: 0

Feedback on resource consumption is often explored as a way to raise awareness and saving resources. This paper reports findings from a user study of a feedback system deployed in a Chinese university dormitory with a prepaid electricity system, a context ...
Keywords: awareness, collective infrastructural work., consumption feedback, electricity, feedback, infrastructural work
797
	
Causal relation detection for activities from heterogeneous sources
Philipp Katz, Alexander Schill
June 2011 		
ICWE'11: Proceedings of the 11th international conference on Current Trends in Web Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

On the web, information representing specific activities is often scattered over different systems. Although, causal relations exist between these activities, these are usually not obviously visible to the user, unless explicitly given. This paper outlines ...
Keywords: data linking, information aggregation, information integration, internet information extraction, relation extraction
798
	
Legal commentary: Meetings between experts: A route to simpler, fairer trials?
Peter Sommer
March 2009 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 5 Issue 3-4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Expert evidence which is both accurate and forensically sound can be daunting for a lay audience, particularly if opposing experts have points of disagreement. The current position in English law is examined to show the advantages and problems of pre-trial ...
Keywords: Admissibility, Court procedure, Digital evidence, English Criminal Procedure Rules, Expert evidence
799
	
Incremental Support Vector Learning: Analysis, Implementation and Applications
Pavel Laskov, Christian Gehl, Stefan Krüger, Klaus-Robert Müller
December 2006 		
The Journal of Machine Learning Research , Volume 7
Publisher: JMLR.org
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (297.83 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 75,   Downloads (Overall): 835,    Citation Count: 38

Incremental Support Vector Machines (SVM) are instrumental in practical applications of online learning. This work focuses on the design and analysis of efficient incremental SVM learning, with the aim of providing a fast, numerically stable and robust ...
800
	
Secure the Cloud: From the Perspective of a Service-Oriented Organization
Arpan Roy, Santonu Sarkar, Rajeshwari Ganesan, Geetika Goel
February 2015 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.38 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 127,   Downloads (12 Months): 784,   Downloads (Overall): 784,    Citation Count: 0

In response to the revival of virtualized technology by Rosenblum and Garfinkel [2005], NIST defined cloud computing, a new paradigm in service computing infrastructures. In cloud environments, the basic security mechanism is ingrained in virtualization—that ...
Keywords: Cloud security, attack scenarios, enterprise security suites, open problems, service-oriented organization 
801
	
Towards a theory of accountability and audit
Radha Jagadeesan, Alan Jeffrey, Corin Pitcher, James Riely
September 2009 		
ESORICS'09: Proceedings of the 14th European conference on Research in computer security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

Accountability mechanisms, which rely on after-the-fact verification, are an attractive means to enforce authorization policies. In this paper, we describe an operational model of accountability-based distributed systems. We describe analyses which support ...
802
	
Towards Data Confidentiality and Portability in Cloud Storage
Ebtesam Ahmad Alomari, Muhammad Mostafa Monowar
June 2014 		
Proceedings of the Third International Conference on Design, User Experience, and Usability. User Experience Design for Diverse Interaction Platforms and Environments - Volume 8518 , Volume 8518
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

As of now, cloud computing has become a hot topic in the global technology industry. Users become able to store their data in cloud storage and have ubiquitous access at any time. In spite of the enormous advantages of cloud storage, one of ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, Confidentiality, Portability, Storage
803
	
ULMS: An Accelerator for the Applications by Shifting Writing Log from Local Disk to Clouds
Li Zhou, Yong Zhang, Chunxiao Xing
July 2010 		
COMPSACW '10: Proceedings of the 2010 IEEE 34th Annual Computer Software and Applications Conference Workshops
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log data is critical to applications and the management and analysis of log data is a hot research topic. Existing log managements are normally tightly integrated with applications themselves, which may lead to problems including performance, local storage ...
Keywords: Log, Performance, Log Analysis, SaaS
804
	
A bigData platform for analytics on access control policies and logs
Suresh Chari, Ted Habeck, Ian Molloy, Youngja Park, Wilfried Teiken
June 2013 		
SACMAT '13: Proceedings of the 18th ACM symposium on Access control models and technologies
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.25 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 140,   Downloads (Overall): 376,    Citation Count: 0

Relying on an access control security policy alone to protect valuable resources is a dangerous practice. Prudent security must engage in other risk management and mitigation techniques to rapidly detect and recover from breaches. In reality, many security ...
Keywords: demonstration, insider threat, log analysis
805
	
CAT Detect (Computer Activity Timeline Detection): A tool for detecting inconsistency in computer activity timelines
Andrew Marrington, Ibrahim Baggili, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
August 2011 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 8
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The construction of timelines of computer activity is a part of many digital investigations. These timelines of events are composed of traces of historical activity drawn from system logs and potentially from evidence of events found in the computer ...
Keywords: CAT detect, Event correlation, Happened-before, Precondition event, Timeline inconsistency
806
	
Accounting and Accountability in Content Distribution Architectures: A Survey
Diarmuid Ó Coileáin, Donal O'mahony
May 2015 		
Computing Surveys (CSUR) , Volume 47 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (533.29 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 106,   Downloads (12 Months): 199,   Downloads (Overall): 199,    Citation Count: 0

Many content distribution architectures offer desirable elements that lead to less bandwidth usage, reduced network congestion, higher content availability, and reduced costs. However, their level of adoption and utilization in commercial environments ...
Keywords: Accountability, CDN-P2P, caching, content distribution, content distribution network, information-centric networking, peer-to-peer
807
	
Spatio-temporal decomposition, clustering and identification for alert detection in system logs
A. Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios, Markus Latzel
March 2012 		
SAC '12: Proceedings of the 27th Annual ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (993.01 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 74,    Citation Count:

In this work, we propose an approach based on analyzing the spatio-temporal partitions of a system log, generated by supercomputers consisting of several nodes, for alert detection without employing semantic analysis. In this case, "Spatial" refers to ...
Keywords: event log mining, fault management, network control and management, systems administration
808
	
Explanation and exploration Visualizing the topology of web information systems
ARNO SCHARL
September 2001 		
International Journal of Human-Computer Studies , Volume 55 Issue 3
Publisher: Academic Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Innovation substantially reduces the practical value of traditional communication models. This paper examines the role of conceptual, user-centric modelling of web information systems as a primary means of standardized visual communication between and ...
Keywords: clickstream analysis, data modeling, hypertext, information visualization, interface representation., navigational design, web development
809
	
Network forensics based on fuzzy logic and expert system
Niandong Liao, Shengfeng Tian, Tinghua Wang
November 2009 		
Computer Communications , Volume 32 Issue 17
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

Network forensics is a research area that finds the malicious users by collecting and analyzing the intrusion or infringement evidence of computer crimes such as hacking. In the past, network forensics was only used by means of investigation. However, ...

Keywords: Expert system, Fuzzy logic, Intrusion detection system, Network forensics, Vulnerability scanning
810
	
Attribute-based encryption for fine-grained access control of encrypted data
Vipul Goyal, Omkant Pandey, Amit Sahai, Brent Waters
October 2006 		
CCS '06: Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (277.46 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 95,   Downloads (12 Months): 800,   Downloads (Overall): 4528,    Citation Count: 299

As more sensitive data is shared and stored by third-party sites on the Internet, there will be a need to encrypt data stored at these sites. One drawback of encrypting data, is that it can be selectively shared only at a coarse-grained level (i.e., ...
Keywords: access control, attribute-based encryption, audit logs, broadcast encryption, delegation, hierarchical identity-based encryption
811
	
Flow-net methodology for accountability in wireless networks
Yang Xiao
September 2009 		
IEEE Network: The Magazine of Global Internetworking , Volume 23 Issue 5
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

Accountability implies that any entity should be held responsible for its own specific action or behavior so that the entity is part of larger chains of accountability. One of the goals of accountability is that once an event has transpired, the events ...
812
	
Benefits and Challenges for BPM in the Cloud
Ute Riemann
January 2015 		
International Journal of Organizational and Collective Intelligence , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Business processes are not only variable, they are dynamic as well. A key benefit of BPM is the ability to adjust processes accordingly in response to changing market requirements. In parallel to BPM, enterprise cloud computing technology has emerged ...
813
	
Diagnosis of software failures using computational geometry
Edward Stehle, Kevin Lynch, Maxim Shevertalov, Chris Rorres, Spiros Mancoridis
November 2011 		
ASE '11: Proceedings of the 2011 26th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (197.79 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 8,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count:

Complex software systems have become commonplace in modern organizations and are considered critical to their daily operations. They are expected to run on a diverse set of platforms while interoperating with a wide variety of other applications. Although ...
814
	
Soft Computing Techniques Applied to Corporate and Personal Security
Paloma de las Cuevas Delgado, Juan Julián Merelo, Pablo García Sánchez
July 2015 		
GECCO Companion '15: Proceedings of the Companion Publication of the 2015 on Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (691.74 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 30,   Downloads (12 Months): 30,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count: 0

Inside a "Bring Your Own Device" environment, the employees can freely use their devices. This allows them mix their personal and work life, but at the same time, if the users are not aware of a risky situation, or that situation is not covered by a ...
Keywords: classification, corporate security policies, data mining, evolutionary algorithms, machine learning
815
	
(Awarded Best Paper!) Work-Augmented Laziness with the Los Task Request System
November 2002 		
LISA '02: Proceedings of the 16th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Quotidian system administration is often characterized by the fulfillment of common user requests, especially on sites that serve a variety of needs. User creation, group management, and mail alias maintenance are just three examples of the many repetitive ...
816
	
Fourth-factor authentication: somebody you know
John Brainard, Ari Juels, Ronald L. Rivest, Michael Szydlo, Moti Yung
October 2006 		
CCS '06: Proceedings of the 13th ACM conference on Computer and communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (372.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 81,   Downloads (Overall): 2071,    Citation Count: 14

User authentication in computing systems traditionally depends on three factors: something you have (e.g., a hardware token), something you are (e.g., a fingerprint), and something you know (e.g., a password). In this paper, we explore a fourth factor, ...
Keywords: authentication, hardware tokens, vouchers
817
	
Symptom-based problem determination using log data abstraction
Liang Huang, Xiaodi Ke, Kenny Wong, Serge Mankovskii
November 2010 		
CASCON '10: Proceedings of the 2010 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp. Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.86 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 209,    Citation Count: 3

System failures in industry are expensive, and the increasingly stringent requirements on performance and reliability of enterprise systems have made the detection and diagnosis of system failures crucial and challenging. Log files generated at the system ...
818
	
Distributed privacy-preserving transparency logging
Tobias Pulls, Roel Peeters, Karel Wouters
November 2013 		
WPES '13: Proceedings of the 12th ACM workshop on Workshop on privacy in the electronic society
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.15 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 56,   Downloads (Overall): 105,    Citation Count: 0

We present a transparency-enhancing tool in the form of a cryptographic scheme that enables data processors to inform users about the actual data processing that takes place on their personal data. Our proposed solution can handle arbitrary processes ...
Keywords: applied cryptography, data processing, distributed, privacy, transparency-enhancing tool
819
	
User-Centered Agents for Structured Information Location
Xindong Wu, Daniel Ngu, Sameer S. Pradhan
January 2001 		
E-Commerce Agents, Marketplace Solutions, Security Issues, and Supply and Demand
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This paper designs an electronic commerce system that integrates conventional electronic commerce services with contemporary WWW advantages, such as comprehensive coverage and agents for information search and selection. We use a user-centered approach ...
820
	
Selecting a trusted cloud service provider for your SaaS program
Changlong Tang, Jiqiang Liu
May 2015 		
Computers and Security , Volume 50 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Software as a Service (SaaS) offers major business and IT benefits that organizations are looking to take advantage of. SaaS adoption presents serious and unique security risks. Moving a company's sensitive data into the hands of cloud providers expands ...
Keywords: Auditability, Cloud security, Function, Governability, Interoperability, SaaS, Security assurance, Software as a service, Trusted cloud services 
821
	
Feature: Implementing enterprise security: a case study33This article is also being published in the Information Systems Control Journal as "Implementing Enterprise Security: A Case Study (Part 1)", Information Systems Control Journal, Vol. 2, 2003 (March 2003). Part 2 will be published in May.
Ken Doughty
February 2003 		
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Introduction Information is an essential asset for organizations, because it supports the day-today operations, and facilitates decision-making by the organization's key stakeholders. The challenge facing organizations is how to provide access to this ...
822
	
User k-anonymity for privacy preserving data mining of query logs
Guillermo Navarro-Arribas, Vicenç Torra, Arnau Erola, Jordi Castellí-Roca
May 2012 		
Information Processing and Management: an International Journal , Volume 48 Issue 3
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

The anonymization of query logs is an important process that needs to be performed prior to the publication of such sensitive data. This ensures the anonymity of the users in the logs, a problem that has been already found in released logs from well ...
Keywords: Clustering, Microaggregation, Privacy, Query log, Web search, k-Anonymity
823
	
A formal implementation of value commitment
Cédric Fournet, Nataliya Guts, Francesco Zappa Nardelli
March 2008 		
ESOP'08/ETAPS'08: Proceedings of the Theory and practice of software, 17th European conference on Programming languages and systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 4

In an optimistic approach to security, one can often simplify protocol design by relying on audit logs, which can be analyzed a posteriori. Such auditing is widely used in practice, but no formal studies guarantee that the log information suffices to ...
824
	
R&D: Leaving a trace
Steve Gold
September 2008 		
Infosecurity , Volume 5 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

IT forensics is seen by many in the industry as something of a black art. But it's actually a highly professional discipline, with professional software to assist, Steve Gold discovers
825
	
Experimental analysis of application-level intrusion detection algorithms
Yuhong Dong, Sam Hsu, Saeed Rajput, Bing Wu
March 2010 		
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 5 Issue 2/3
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Intrusion Detection System (IDS) plays a very important role on information security. In this paper, we present an application-level intrusion detection algorithm named Graph-based Sequence-Learning Algorithm (GSLA). GSLA ...
Keywords: IDS, anomaly detection, graph-based sequence learning, information security, intrusion detection system, network security
826
	
A configurable cryptography subsystem in a middleware framework for embedded systems
A. David McKinnon, David E. Bakken, John C. Shovic
December 2004 		
Computer Networks: The International Journal of Computer and Telecommunications Networking , Volume 46 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier North-Holland, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Computer and network security is becoming increasingly important as both large systems and, increasingly small, embedded systems are networked. Middleware frameworks aid the system developer who must interconnect individual systems into larger interconnected, ...

Keywords: CORBA, Embedded systems, Middleware, Security
827
	
SIP CLF: a common log format (CLF) for the session initiation protocol (SIP)
Vijay K. Gurbani, Eric Burger, Carol Davids, Tricha Anjali
October 2010 		
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Web servers such as Apache and web proxies like Squid support event logging using a common log format. The logs produced using these de-facto standard formats are invaluable to system administrators for troubleshooting a server and tool writers to craft ...
828
	
GLoP: Enabling Massively Parallel Incident Response Through GPU Log Processing
Xavier J. A. Bellekens, Christos Tachtatzis, Robert C. Atkinson, Craig Renfrew, Tony Kirkham
September 2014 		
SIN '14: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (329.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 40,    Citation Count: 0

Large industrial systems that combine services and applications, have become targets for cyber criminals and are challenging from the security, monitoring and auditing perspectives. Security log analysis is a key step for uncovering anomalies, detecting ...
Keywords: CUDA, GPU, Pattern Matching, Security
829
	
The human element: training, awareness, and human resources implications of health information security policy under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Jeremy S. Craig
September 2009 		
InfoSecCD '09: 2009 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (93.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 302,    Citation Count:

The Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) has created many regulations that health care providers must follow to assure health information security, with critical obligations toward pieces of the human element --- training, ...
Keywords: HIPAA, electronic medical records, health information security, health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, human resources, security training
830
	
Proposing regulatory-driven automated test suites for electronic health record systems
Patrick Morrison, Casper Holmgreen, Aaron Massey, Laurie Williams
May 2013 		
SEHC '13: Proceedings of the 5th International Workshop on Software Engineering in Health Care
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (191.63 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 13,   Downloads (Overall): 13,    Citation Count: 0

In regulated domains such as finance and health care, failure to comply with regulation can lead to financial, civil and criminal penalties. While systems vary from organization to organization, regulations apply across organizations. We propose the ...
Keywords: behavior-driven-development, healthcare it, regulatory compliance, security, software engineering, software testing
831
	
PeerReview re-evaluation for accountability in distributed systems or networks
Zhifeng Xiao, Yang Xiao
August 2012 		
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 7 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Accountability implies that any entity shall be held responsible for its own specific actions and behaviour, so that the entity is part of a larger chain of accountability. PeerReview (Haeberlen et al., 2007) is a software library that provides accountability ...
832
	
Behavioral resource-aware model inference
Tony Ohmann, Michael Herzberg, Sebastian Fiss, Armand Halbert, Marc Palyart, Ivan Beschastnikh, Yuriy Brun
September 2014 		
ASE '14: Proceedings of the 29th ACM/IEEE international conference on Automated software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (688.26 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 107,    Citation Count: 1

Software bugs often arise because of differences between what developers think their system does and what the system actually does. These differences frustrate debugging and comprehension efforts. We describe Perfume, an automated approach for inferring ...
Keywords: comprehension, debugging, log analysis, model inference, performance, perfume, system understanding
833
	
In-situ MapReduce for log processing
Dionysios Logothetis, Chris Trezzo, Kevin C. Webb, Kenneth Yocum
June 2011 		
HotCloud'11: Proceedings of the 3rd USENIX conference on Hot topics in cloud computing
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Log analytics are a bedrock component of running many of today's Internet sites. Application and click logs form the basis for tracking and analyzing customer behaviors and preferences, and they form the basic inputs to ad-targeting algorithms. Logs ...
834
	
Investigating the Needs, Capabilities and Decision Making Mechanisms in Digital Preservation: Insights from a Multiple Case Study
Daniel Burda, Frank Teuteberg
July 2013 		
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 26 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Firms are required to consciously retain information in an effort to ensure compliance with legal and business needs. However, sustained accessibility to digital information cannot be taken for granted as it is threatened by expeditiously changing technologies ...
Keywords: Case Study, Digital Preservation, Information Governance, Organizational Information Processing Theory, Retention Management
835
	
Behavior-based access control for distributed healthcare systems
Mohammad H. Yarmand, Kamran Sartipi, Douglas G. Down
January 2013 		
Journal of Computer Security , Volume 21 Issue 1
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Sensitivity of clinical data and strict rules regarding data sharing have caused privacy and security to be critical requirements for using patient profiles in distributed healthcare systems. The amalgamation of new information technology with traditional ...
Keywords: Access Control, Healthcare Standards, Interoperability, Privacy Specification, User Behavior
836
	
CASA: context-aware scalable authentication
Eiji Hayashi, Sauvik Das, Shahriyar Amini, Jason Hong, Ian Oakley
July 2013 		
SOUPS '13: Proceedings of the Ninth Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.43 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 14,   Downloads (12 Months): 167,   Downloads (Overall): 309,    Citation Count: 6

We introduce context-aware scalable authentication (CASA) as a way of balancing security and usability for authentication. Our core idea is to choose an appropriate form of active authentication (e.g., typing a PIN) based on the combination of multiple ...
Keywords: context-aware, mobile, user authentication
837
	
The Obama EHR Experiment
Ralph Grams
April 2012 		
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 36 Issue 2
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:
838
	
Baaz: a system for detecting access control misconfigurations
Tathagata Das, Ranjita Bhagwan, Prasad Naldurg
August 2010 		
USENIX Security'10: Proceedings of the 19th USENIX conference on Security
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Maintaining correct access control to shared resources such as file servers, wikis, and databases is an important part of enterprise network management. A combination of many factors, including high rates of churn in organizational roles, policy changes, ...
839
	
Optimizing data analysis with a semi-structured time series database
Ledion Bitincka, Archana Ganapathi, Stephen Sorkin, Steve Zhang
October 2010 		
SLAML'10: Proceedings of the 2010 workshop on Managing systems via log analysis and machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

Most modern systems generate abundant and diverse log data. With dwindling storage costs, there are fewer reasons to summarize or discard data. However, the lack of tools to efficiently store and cross-correlate heterogeneous datasets makes it tedious ...
840
	
Data preparation of web log files for marketing aspects analyses
Meike Reichle, Petra Perner, Klaus-Dieter Althoff
July 2006 		
ICDM'06: Proceedings of the 6th Industrial Conference on Data Mining conference on Advances in Data Mining: applications in Medicine, Web Mining, Marketing, Image and Signal Mining
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

This article deals with several aspects of a marketing-oriented analysis of web log files. It discusses their preprocessing and possible ways to enrich the raw data that can be gained from a web log file in order to facilitate a later use in different ... 
841
	
Amulet: a secure architecture for mHealth applications for low-power wearable devices
Andres Molina-Markham, Ronald Peterson, Joseph Skinner, Tianlong Yun, Bhargav Golla, Kevin Freeman, Travis Peters, Jacob Sorber, Ryan Halter, David Kotz
November 2014 		
MMA '14: Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Mobile Medical Applications
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (660.32 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 103,   Downloads (Overall): 103,    Citation Count: 0

Interest in using mobile technologies for health-related applications (mHealth) has increased. However, none of the available mobile platforms provide the essential properties that are needed by these applications. An mHealth platform must be (i) secure; ...
Keywords: low-power, mHealth, secure architecture, wearable devices
842
	
Log analysis of exploitation in cloud computing environment using automated reasoning
Ruo Ando, Kang Byung, Youki Kadobayashi
November 2010 		
ICONIP'10: Proceedings of the 17th international conference on Neural information processing: models and applications - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Recently server consolidation using virtualization leverages cloud computing. In cloud computing, we can apply centralized logging system using server consolidation. In this paper we propose a log analysis method in cloud computing environment using ...
Keywords: IaaS, automated reasoning, cloud computing, internet explorer, log analysis
843
	
An investigation of Zipf's Law for fraud detection (DSS#06-10-1826R(2))
Shi-Ming Huang, David C. Yen, Luen-Wei Yang, Jing-Shiuan Hua
December 2008 		
Decision Support Systems , Volume 46 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

Fraud risk is higher than ever before. Unfortunately, many auditors lack the expertise to deal with the related risks. The objectives of this research are to develop an innovative fraud detection mechanism on the basis of Zipf's Law. The purpose of this ...

Keywords: Benford's Law, Fraud detection, Misclassification cost matrix, Quasi-experiment research, Zipf's Law
844
	
The meaning of logs
Sandro Etalle, Fabio Massacci, Artsiom Yautsiukhin
September 2007 		
TrustBus'07: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Trust, Privacy and Security in Digital Business
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

While logging events is becoming increasingly common in computing, in communication and in collaborative environments, log systems need to satisfy increasingly challenging (if not conflicting) requirements. In this paper we propose a high-level framework ...
845
	
Considerations for recruiting contributions to anonymised data sets
Eelco Herder, Ricardo Kawase
July 2012 		
International Journal of Technology Enhanced Learning , Volume 4 Issue 1/2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

For the improvement and evaluation of learning management systems as well as concepts and tools for personal history, the availability of suitable data has become increasingly important. In this paper we discuss considerations for creating such a data ...
846
	
Continuous Authentication using Fuzzy Logic
Soumik Mondal, Patrick Bours
September 2014 		
SIN '14: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (405.71 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 43,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper, we investigate the performance of a continuous authentication system using fuzzy logic techniques. The system monitors mouse and keystroke dynamics behaviour of a user to determine the genuineness. The objective was to design a system ...
Keywords: Continuous Authentication, Fuzzy Logic, Keystroke Dynamics, Mouse Dynamics
847
	
Using geographic information systems for enhanced network security visualization
David Shelly, Matthew Dunlop, Randy Marchany, Peter Sforza
June 2010 		
COM.Geo '10: Proceedings of the 1st International Conference and Exhibition on Computing for Geospatial Research & Application
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (863.96 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 21,   Downloads (Overall): 335,    Citation Count:

The sheer volume of information that floods a network makes it difficult for network analysts to identify and isolate network security threats. This difficulty is compounded by the fact that the tools available to accomplish this task lack usability ...
848
	
Towards a unified taxonomy and architecture of cloud frameworks
Robert Dukaric, Matjaz B. Juric
July 2013 		
Future Generation Computer Systems , Volume 29 Issue 5
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) is one of the most important layers of Cloud Computing. However, there is an evident deficiency of mechanisms for analysis, comparison and evaluation of IaaS cloud implementations, since no unified taxonomy or reference ...
Keywords: Architectural framework, Cloud Computing, Infrastructure as a service, Taxonomy
849
	
Privacy preserving multiparty multilevel DRM architecture
Amit Sachan, Sabu Emmanuel, Amitabha Das, Mohan S. Kankanhalli
January 2009 		
CCNC'09: Proceedings of the 6th IEEE Conference on Consumer Communications and Networking Conference
Publisher: IEEE Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 11

Traditional digital rights management (DRM) systems are only two party systems, involving the owner and consumers. However, for scalability of business it is often necessary to involve additional levels of distributors and sub-distributors, who can promote ...
850
	
Combining Discretionary Policy with Mandatory Information Flow in Operating Systems
Ziqing Mao, Ninghui Li, Hong Chen, Xuxian Jiang
November 2011 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 14 Issue 3
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (730.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 93,   Downloads (Overall): 482,    Citation Count:

Discretionary Access Control (DAC) is the primary access control mechanism in today’s major operating systems. It is, however, vulnerable to Trojan Horse attacks and attacks exploiting buggy software. We propose to combine the discretionary policy ...
Keywords: Operating system, discretionary access control, information flow, mandatory access control
851
	
Clustering event logs using iterative partitioning
Adetokunbo A.O. Makanju, A. Nur Zincir-Heywood, Evangelos E. Milios
June 2009 		
KDD '09: Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Mp4Mp4 (1268041:1 MIN),  PDFPDF (1.28 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 48,   Downloads (Overall): 712,    Citation Count: 18

The importance of event logs, as a source of information in systems and network management cannot be overemphasized. With the ever increasing size and complexity of today's event logs, the task of analyzing event logs has become cumbersome to carry out ...

Keywords: event log mining, fault management, telecommunications
852
	
Towards a requirements-driven framework for detecting malicious behavior against software systems
Hamzeh Zawawy, Kostas Kontogiannis, John Mylopoulos, Serge Mankovskii
November 2011 		
CASCON '11: Proceedings of the 2011 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.11 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 9,   Downloads (Overall): 21,    Citation Count: 0

Root cause determination for software failures that occurred due to intentional or unintentional third party activities is a difficult and challenging task. In this paper, we propose a new technique for identifying the root causes of system failures ...
853
	
Nexus authorization logic (NAL): Design rationale and applications
Fred B. Schneider, Kevin Walsh, Emin Gün Sirer
May 2011 		
Transactions on Information and System Security (TISSEC) , Volume 14 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (304.30 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 43,   Downloads (Overall): 309,    Citation Count: 14

Nexus Authorization Logic (NAL) provides a principled basis for specifying and reasoning about credentials and authorization policies. It extends prior access control logics that are based on “says” and “speaks for” operators. ...
Keywords: Authorization logic, CDD, credentials-based authorization
854
	
Origins: an approach to trace fast spreading worms to their roots
Andrew L. Burt, Michael Darschewski, Indrajit Ray, Ramakrishna Thurimella, Hailin Wu
January 2008 		
International Journal of Security and Networks , Volume 3 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

An automatic distributed mechanism is proposed to identify the propagation roots of fast spreading internet worms. The information obtained can be used to identify local worm outbreaks, identify network intrusion, identify internal network misuse, ...

Keywords: attack trace-back, computer worm attacks, internet worms, intrusion detection, network security, simulation, worm origins
855
	
I felt like a contributing member of the class: increasing class participation with classcommons
Honglu Du, Mary Beth Rosson, John M. Carroll, Craig Ganoe
May 2009 		
GROUP '09: Proceedings of the ACM 2009 international conference on Supporting group work
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.29 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 509,    Citation Count: 6

In this paper we describe the design and first deployment experiences of a platform-independent, interactive video commenting system, ClassCommons, using a large public display in two sections of a large-enrollment university class. Our preliminary evaluation ...

Keywords: public display, sense of community, video commenting
856
	
Study on poll-site voting and verification systems
Roger Jardí-Cedó, Jordi Pujol-Ahulló, Jordi Castellí-Roca, Alexandre Viejo
November 2012 		
Computers and Security , Volume 31 Issue 8
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Voting is an important part of the democratic process. The electorate makes a decision or expresses an opinion that is accepted by everyone. However, some individual or group may be interested in tampering with the elections process to force an outcome ...
Keywords: E-Voting, Electronic voting, Evaluation framework, Paper-based voting, Poll-site voting, Verification, Voting systems
857
	
A strengthening plan for enterprise information security based on cloud computing
An Na Kang, Leonard Barolli, Jong Hyuk Park, Young-Sik Jeong
September 2014 		
Cluster Computing , Volume 17 Issue 3
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Cloud computing environment came about in order to effectively manage and use enormous amount of data that have become available with the development of the Internet. Cloud computing service is widely used not only to manage the users' IT resources, ...
Keywords: Cloud computing, Cloud security, Enterprise information security, Security threats
858
	
Evaluation of e-learning systems based on fuzzy clustering models and statistical tools
Mofreh A. Hogo
October 2010 		
Expert Systems with Applications: An International Journal , Volume 37 Issue 10
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 7

This paper introduces a hybridization approach of AI techniques and statistical tools to evaluate and adapt the e-learning systems including e-learners. Learner's profile plays a crucial role in the evaluation process and the recommendations to improve ...
Keywords: Fuzzy C-means clustering, Kernelized FCM, Learner profile, Log file analyzer, e-Learning
859
	
A quantitative study of Public Key Infrastructures
D Bruschi, A Curti, E Rosti
January 2003 		
Computers and Security , Volume 22 Issue 1
Publisher: Elsevier Advanced Technology Publications
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Public Key Infrastructures have not reached the widespread diffusion expected of them, although they are well understood from a security point of view, because, like many say, the killer application has not been found yet. The lack of a clear understanding ...
860
	
Special issue on convergence of real-time 3D imaging and optical communications
Sanghyun Seo, Changhoon Lee, Xilin Chen
September 2014 		
Journal of Real-Time Image Processing , Volume 9 Issue 3
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

861
	
Executable misuse cases for modeling security concerns
Jon Whittle, Duminda Wijesekera, Mark Hartong
May 2008 		
ICSE '08: Proceedings of the 30th international conference on Software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (340.91 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 832,    Citation Count: 5

Misuse cases are a way of modeling negative requirements, that is, behaviors that should not occur in a system. In particular, they can be used to model attacks on a system as well as the security mechanisms needed to avoid them. However, like use cases, ...
Keywords: aspect scenarios, misuse cases
862
	
Auditing a database under retention policies
Wentian Lu, Gerome Miklau, Neil Immerman
April 2013 		
The VLDB Journal — The International Journal on Very Large Data Bases , Volume 22 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (687.21 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 62,   Downloads (Overall): 176,    Citation Count: 1

Auditing the changes to a database is critical for identifying malicious behavior, maintaining data quality, and improving system performance. But an accurate audit log is an historical record of the past that can also pose a serious threat to privacy. ...
Keywords: Auditing, Privacy, Retention policy
863
	
End-to-end privacy control in service outsourcing of human intensive processes: A multi-layered Web service integration approach
Patrick C. Hung, Dickson K. Chiu, W. W. Fung, William K. Cheung, Raymond Wong, Samuel P. Choi, Eleanna Kafeza, James Kwok, Joshua C. Pun, Vivying S. Cheng
March 2007 		
Information Systems Frontiers , Volume 9 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 9

With the recent adoption of service outsourcing, there have been increasing general demands and concerns for privacy control, in addition to basic requirement of integration. The traditional practice of a bulk transmission of the customers' information ...

Keywords: APPEL, Layered architecture, Need-to-know principle, P3P, Privacy policies, SLA, Web service integration
864
	
Applying Hadoop for log analysis toward distributed IDS
Jakrarin Therdphapiyanak, Krerk Piromsopa
January 2013 		
ICUIMC '13: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Ubiquitous Information Management and Communication
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (392.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 138,   Downloads (Overall): 349,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper, we apply Hadoop for large-scale log analysis. Our main objective is to efficiently detect an abnormal traffic from high volume data. Due to the high volume of data traffics, the size of traffic logs is usually exceed the capacity of a ...
Keywords: distributed log analysis, log analysis, log analysis using Hadoop, map-reduce
865
	
Mapping internet sensors with probe response attacks
John Bethencourt, Jason Franklin, Mary Vernon
July 2005 		
SSYM'05: Proceedings of the 14th conference on USENIX Security Symposium - Volume 14 , Volume 14
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 32

Internet sensor networks, including honeypots and log analysis centers such as the SANS Internet Storm Center, are used as a tool to detect malicious Internet traffic. For maximum effectiveness, such networks publish public reports without disclosing ...
866
	
Advances and Current State of the Security and Privacy in Electronic Health Records: Survey from a Social Perspective
Antonio Tejero, Isabel Torre
October 2012 		
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 36 Issue 5
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

E-Health systems are experiencing an impulse in these last years, when many medical agencies began to include digital solutions into their platforms. Electronic Health Records (EHRs) are one of the most important improvements, being in its most part ...
Keywords: E-health, EHR, Privacy, Security
867
	
Splash: ad-hoc querying of data and statistical models
Lujun Fang, Kristen LeFevre
March 2010 		
EDBT '10: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Extending Database Technology
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (963.35 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 233,    Citation Count:

Data mining is increasingly performed by people who are not computer scientists or professional programmers. It is often done as an iterative process involving multiple ad-hoc tasks, as well as data pre- and post-processing, all of which must be executed ...
868
	
Developing a secure distributed OSGI cloud computing infrastructure for sharing health records
Sabah Mohammed, Daniel Servos, Jinan Fiaidhi
June 2011 		
AIS'11: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Autonomous and intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Cloud Computing has become an emerging computing paradigm which brings new opportunities and challenges to overcome. While the cloud provides seemingly limitless scalability and an alternative to expensive data center infrastructure, it raises new issues ...
Keywords: cloud computing, cloud security, distributed OSGi, electronic healthcare records
869
	
PeerReview: practical accountability for distributed systems
Andreas Haeberlen, Petr Kouznetsov, Peter Druschel
October 2007 		
SOSP '07: Proceedings of twenty-first ACM SIGOPS symposium on Operating systems principles
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	Mp3Mp3 (214390:50 MIN),  Mp4Mp4 (2958514:25 MIN),  PDFPDF (363.72 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 69,   Downloads (Overall): 1102,    Citation Count: 72

We describe PeerReview, a system that provides accountability in distributed systems. PeerReview ensures that Byzantine faults whose effects are observed by a correct node are eventually detected and irrefutably linked to a faulty node. At the same time, ...

Keywords: accountability, byzantine faults, distributed systems, fault detection

Also published in:
October 2007 	SIGOPS Operating Systems Review 	Volume 41 Issue 6
870
	
Log your CRUD: design principles for software logging mechanisms
Jason King, Laurie Williams
April 2014 		
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (517.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 41,    Citation Count: 1

According to a 2011 survey in healthcare, the most commonly reported breaches of protected health information involved employees snooping into medical records of friends and relatives. Logging mechanisms can provide a means for forensic analysis of user ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, black-box testing, case study, electronic health record software, healthcare, logging mechanism, nonrepudiation, science
871
	
OpenFlow Virtual Appliance: An Efficient Security Interface For Cloud Forensic Spyware Robot
Ifeyinwa Eucharia Achumba, Kennedy Chinedu Okafor, Gloria N. Ezeh, Uchenna Hermes Diala
April 2015 		
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Network forensics vis-a-vis cloud computing offerings can be leveraged to address the needs of enterprise-grade spyware solutions online. A modular, extensible cloud architecture with intrinsic support for efficient security monitoring is proposed and ...
Keywords: Cloud Computing, DataCenter, Network Forensics, OFVA, Openflow Hardware, Security, VSG
872
	
Analytics for resiliency in the mainframe
L. Ein-Dor, Y. Goldschmidt, O. Lavi, G. E. Miller, M. Ninio, D. Dillenberger
September 2013 		
IBM Journal of Research and Development , Volume 57 Issue 5
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The IBM System z® mainframe computer is a direct descendant of the IBM System/360 family of computing systems initially made available in 1965. With each release of an IBM mainframe, its developers include new reliability, availability, and serviceability ...
873
	
A lightweight IP traceback mechanism on IPv6
Syed Obaid Amin, Myung Soo Kang, Choong Seon Hong
August 2006 		
EUC'06: Proceedings of the 2006 international conference on Emerging Directions in Embedded and Ubiquitous Computing
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Due to the stateless nature of the internet, it is an intricate problem to determine the source of spoofed attacking packets. To handle this problem we utilize the IP traceback mechanism to know the actual source of an IP datagram. While many IP traceback ...
874
	
Malafide intension based detection of privacy violation in information system
Shyam K. Gupta, Vikram Goyal, Anand Gupta
December 2006 		
ICISS'06: Proceedings of the Second international conference on Information Systems Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In the past few years there has been an increased focus on privacy issues for Information Systems. This has resulted in concerted systematic work focused on regulations, tools and enforcement. Despite this, privacy violations still do take place. Therefore ...
875
	
Online ID theft techniques, investigation and response
Olga Angelopoulou, Paula Thomas, Konstantinos Xynos, Theodore Tryfonas
January 2007 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 1 Issue 1
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

ID theft, especially in its online form, is currently one of the most prevalent types of computer crime. The limited end-user awareness as well as the retention and business processing of large amounts of personal data in a manner that does not meet ...

Keywords: computer forensics, cyber crime, digital evidence, digital forensics, e-crime, e-security, electronic security, fraud, identification theft, incident investigation, online ID theft
876
	
Providing Process Origin Information to Aid in Network Traceback
Florian P. Buchholz, Clay Shields
June 2002 		
ATEC '02: Proceedings of the General Track of the annual conference on USENIX Annual Technical Conference
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3
877
	
Leveraging trusted computing and model checking to build dependable virtual machines
Nuno Santos, Nuno P. Lopes
October 2014 		
HotDep'14: Proceedings of the 10th USENIX conference on Hot Topics in System Dependability
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In the last years, it has emerged a market of virtual appliances, i.e., virtual machine images specifically configured to provide a given service (e.g., web hosting). The virtual appliance model greatly reduces the burden of configuring virtual machines ...
878
	
Backtracking intrusions
Samuel T. King, Peter M. Chen
February 2005 		
Transactions on Computer Systems (TOCS) , Volume 23 Issue 1
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (647.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 36,   Downloads (Overall): 2194,    Citation Count: 32

Analyzing intrusions today is an arduous, largely manual task because system administrators lack the information and tools needed to understand easily the sequence of steps that occurred in an attack. The goal of BackTracker is to identify automatically ...

Keywords: Computer forensics, information flow, intrusion analysis
879
	
MobiRate: making mobile raters stick to their word
Daniele Quercia, Stephen Hailes, Licia Capra
September 2008 		
UbiComp '08: Proceedings of the 10th international conference on Ubiquitous computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (881.97 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 3,   Downloads (Overall): 324,    Citation Count: 2

To share services, portable devices may need to locate reputable in-range providers and, to do so, they may exchange ratings with each other. However, providers may well tweak ratings to their own advantage. That is why we have designed a new decentralized ...

Keywords: distributed reputation (trust) systems, mobile systems
880
	
Quality assurance evidence collection model for MSN forensics
Bo-Chao Cheng, Huan Chen, Ryh-Yuh Tseng
October 2010 		
Journal of Intelligent Manufacturing , Volume 21 Issue 5
Publisher: Springer-Verlag New York, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Instant Messaging (IM) applications have become an important tool for business and social communication. However, when using IM, individuals and companies expose themselves to many security threats. Collecting all available data and preserving the integrity ...
Keywords: MSN messenger, Network forensics, Network security 
881
	
FindingMiMo: tracing a missing mobile phone using daily observations
Hyojeong Shin, Yohan Chon, Kwanghyo Park, Hojung Cha
June 2011 		
MobiSys '11: Proceedings of the 9th international conference on Mobile systems, applications, and services
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.40 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 66,   Downloads (Overall): 877,    Citation Count:

With the widespread use of smartphones, the loss of a device is critical, both in disrupting daily communications, and in losing valuable property. When a mobile device is missing, localization techniques may assist in finding the device. Current techniques, ...
Keywords: ambient monitoring, indoor navigation, localization, lost and found, place learning
882
	
An investigation of hotlinking and its countermeasures
Zi Chu, Haining Wang
April 2011 		
Computer Communications , Volume 34 Issue 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Hotlinking is a web behavior that links web resources on a hosting site into a webpage belonging to another site. However, unauthorized hotlinking is unethical, because it not only violates the interests of hosting sites by consuming bandwidth and detracting ...
Keywords: Hotlinking, Resource hosting, Web measurement, Web security
883
	
Cloud application logging for forensics
Raffael Marty
March 2011 		
SAC '11: Proceedings of the 2011 ACM Symposium on Applied Computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (521.38 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 168,   Downloads (Overall): 878,    Citation Count:

Logs are one of the most important pieces of analytical data in a cloud-based service infrastructure. At any point in time, service owners and operators need to understand the status of each infrastructure component for fault monitoring, to assess feature ...
Keywords: cloud, computer forensics, log forensics, logging, logging guidelines, software as a service
884
	
Health Information Exchange and Healthcare Utilization
Joshua R. Vest
June 2009 		
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 33 Issue 3
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Health information exchange (HIE) makes previously inaccessible data available to clinicians, resulting in more complete information. This study tested the hypotheses that HIE information access reduced emergency room visits and inpatient hospitalizations ...

Keywords: Community networks, Informatics, Information dissemination, Medically uninsured
885
	
Personalization in privacy-aware highly dynamic systems
Stefan Sackmann, Jens Strüker, Rafael Accorsi
September 2006 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 49 Issue 9
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (32.53 KB),  PDFPDF (137.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 76,   Downloads (Overall): 2537,    Citation Count: 15

Enabling novel ways to personalize the relationship with customers without sacrificing their privacy.
886
	
Privilege federation between different user profiles for service federation
Makoto Hatakeyama, Shigeyoshi Shima
October 2008 		
DIM '08: Proceedings of the 4th ACM workshop on Digital identity management
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (421.74 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 302,    Citation Count: 2

Service providers often incorporate services other than the main ones they offer for user convenience. Such service providers need to exchange personal attributes with other providers they interact with and link user accounts. Some service providers, ...

Keywords: access control, identity federation, privilege management
887
	
Non risk assessment information security assurance model
Wasim A. Al-Hamdani
September 2009 		
InfoSecCD '09: 2009 Information Security Curriculum Development Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (131.90 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 82,   Downloads (Overall): 424,    Citation Count:

This article is present information assurance model based on Non risk assessment model. The model based on diligence model where assurance is achieved by using threat and vulnerability reviews and countermeasures based on tangible best practices. An ...
Keywords: benchmarks, diligence model, information assurance, information security, risk, security model
888
	
Rule-based runtime verification revisited
Klaus Havelund
April 2015 		
International Journal on Software Tools for Technology Transfer (STTT) , Volume 17 Issue 2
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Runtime verification (RV) consists in part of checking execution traces against user-provided formalized specifications. Throughout the last decade many new systems have emerged, most of which support specification notations based on state machines, ...
Keywords: Internal DSL, Rete algorithm, Rule-based systems, Runtime verification, Scala
889
	
DSCRETE: automatic rendering of forensic information from memory images via application logic reuse
Brendan Saltaformaggio, Zhongshu Gu, Xiangyu Zhang, Dongyan Xu
August 2014 		
SEC'14: Proceedings of the 23rd USENIX conference on Security Symposium
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

State-of-the-art memory forensics involves signature-based scanning of memory images to uncover data structure instances of interest to investigators. A largely unaddressed challenge is that investigators may not be able to interpret the content of data ...
890
	
Bringing arbitrary compute to authoritative data
Mark Cavage, David Pacheco
August 2014 		
Communications of the ACM , Volume 57 Issue 8
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	Digital EditionDigital Edition ,  HtmlHtml (1.87 KB),  PDFPDF (1.54 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 344,   Downloads (Overall): 344,    Citation Count: 0

Many disparate use cases can be satisfied with a single storage system.
891
	
Tracking transaction footprints for non-intrusive end-to-end monitoring
Bikram Sengupta, Nilanjan Banerjee, Chatschik Bisdikian, Paul Hurley
March 2009 		
Cluster Computing , Volume 12 Issue 1
Publisher: Kluwer Academic Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Existing transaction monitoring solutions are either platform-specific or rely on instrumentation techniques, which limit their applicability. Consequently, transaction monitoring in enterprise environments often involves the manual collation of information ...

Keywords: Correlation, Footprints, Log analysis, Monitoring, Transactions
892
	
Detecting web crawlers from web server access logs with data mining classifiers
Dusan Stevanovic, Aijun An, Natalija Vlajic
June 2011 		
ISMIS'11: Proceedings of the 19th international conference on Foundations of intelligent systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this study, we introduce two novel features: the consecutive sequential request ratio and standard deviation of page request depth, for improving the accuracy of malicious and non-malicious web crawler classification from static web server access ...
Keywords: DDoS, WEKA, classification, data mining, web crawler detection, web server access logs
893
	
Investigating around mainframes and other high-end systems: the revenge of big iron
Matthew Pemble
June 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Normal computer forensic tools and techniques are ineffective or inefficient when applied to mainframes or other very large systems. Incidents involving mainframes are likely to have a significant business impact, so preparation is essential, both of ...
Keywords: Audit, Forensic, Investigation, Log, Mainframe
894
	
Development and Evaluation of a Dataset Generator Tool for Generating Synthetic Log Files Containing Computer Attack Signatures
Stephen O'Shaughnessy, Geraldine Gray
April 2011 		
International Journal of Ambient Computing and Intelligence , Volume 3 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A key requirement for experimental analysis in the areas of network intrusion and computer forensics is the availability of suitable datasets. However, the inherent security and privacy issues surrounding these disciplines have resulted in a lack of ...
Keywords: Computer Forensics, Data Mining, Dataset Generator, Experimental Analysis, Intrusion Detection
895
	
Trusted computing and provenance: better together
John Lyle, Andrew Martin
February 2010 		
TAPP'10: Proceedings of the 2nd conference on Theory and practice of provenance
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

It is widely realised that provenance systems can benefit from greater awareness of security principles and the use of security technology. In this paper, we argue that Trusted Computing, a hardware-based method for establishing platform integrity, is ...
896
	
Pervasive Computing for Hospital, Chronic, and Preventive Care
Monica Tentori, Gillian R. Hayes, Madhu Reddy
January 2012 		
Foundations and Trends in Human-Computer Interaction , Volume 5 Issue 1
Publisher: Now Publishers Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

An emerging area of great impact and significance is the application of pervasive computing technologies in healthcare. Pervasive healthcare refers to the set of technologies designed to seamlessly integrate health education, interventions, and monitoring ...
897
	
Quantification, Optimization and Uncertainty Modeling in Information Security Risks: A Matrix-Based Approach
Sanjay Goel, Eitel J.M. Lauría
April 2010 		
Information Resources Management Journal , Volume 23 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In this paper, the authors present a quantitative model for estimating security risk exposure for a firm. The model includes a formulation for the optimization of controls as well as determining sensitivity of the exposure of assets to different threats. ...
Keywords: Cost Benefit Analysis, Data Simulation, Decision Models, IS Risk Management, Investment Justification, Security Management, Security Risk
898
	
Synoptic: studying logged behavior with inferred models
Ivan Beschastnikh, Jenny Abrahamson, Yuriy Brun, Michael D. Ernst
September 2011 		
ESEC/FSE '11: Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGSOFT symposium and the 13th European conference on Foundations of software engineering
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (544.89 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 18,   Downloads (Overall): 110,    Citation Count: 2

Logging is a powerful method for capturing program activity and state during an execution. However, log inspection remains a tedious activity, with developers often piecing together what went on from multiple log lines and across many files. This paper ...
Keywords: log analysis, model inference, synoptic, temporal invariant mining
899
	
Product review: Tool review-WinHex
Eoghan Casey
June 2004 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 1 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

This paper presents strengths and shortcomings of WinHex Specialist Edition (version 11.25 SR-7) in the context of the overall digital forensics process, focusing on its ability to preserve and examine data on storage media. No serious problems were ...
Keywords: Data recovery, Digital evidence preservation, Digital forensics tool testing, File systems, Forensic examination
900
	
Informing and performing: investigating how mediated sociality becomes visible
Xianghua Ding, Thomas Erickson, Wendy A. Kellogg, Donald J. Patterson
December 2012 		
Personal and Ubiquitous Computing , Volume 16 Issue 8
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (530.42 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 221,    Citation Count: 3

In the human---computer interaction, computer supported cooperative work, and ubiquitous computing literature, making people's presence and activities visible as a design approach has been extensively explored to enhance computer-mediated interactions ...
Keywords: Computer-mediated communication, Context, Public displays, Social media 
901
	
Transferring trusted logs across vulnerable paths for digital forensics
Akihiro Tomono, Minoru Uehara, Yuji Shimada
December 2009 		
MoMM '09: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Advances in Mobile Computing and Multimedia
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (364.34 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 11,   Downloads (Overall): 111,    Citation Count:

In recent years, many accounting scandals have been reported in companies not only in the United States, but also in Japan. The need for Internal Control is thus growing steadily. In particular, auditing logs are important for Internal Control, although ...
Keywords: digital forensics, internal control, log management
902
	
The State of the Art Forensic Techniques in Mobile Cloud Environment: A Survey, Challenges and Current Trends
Tahar Kechadi, Muhammad Faheem, Nhien An Le-Khac
April 2015 		
International Journal of Digital Crime and Forensics , Volume 7 Issue 2
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Smartphones have become popular in recent days due to the accessibility of a wide range of applications. These sophisticated applications demand more computing resources in a resource constraint smartphone. Cloud computing is the motivating factor for ...
Keywords: Cloud Forensics, Mobile Cloud Application Forensics, Mobile Cloud Computing, Mobile Forensics
903
	
Analyzing system logs: a new view of what's important
Sivan Sabato, Elad Yom-Tov, Aviad Tsherniak, Saharon Rosset
April 2007 		
SYSML'07: Proceedings of the 2nd USENIX workshop on Tackling computer systems problems with machine learning techniques
Publisher: USENIX Association
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 6

System logs, such as the Windows Event log or the Linux system log, are an important resource for computer system management. We present a method for ranking system log messages by their estimated value to users, and generating a log view that displays ...
904
	
HIPAA: Securing medical networks
Ram Dantu, Herman Oosterwijk, Prakash Kolan, Husain Husna
June 2007 		
Network Security , Volume 2007 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) imposes strict regulations on healthcare institutions and commercial vendors to indemnify clinical data against unscrupulous users. Security vulnerabilities concerning hospital ... 

