1
	
Access control for large collections
H. M. Gladney
April 1997 		
Transactions on Information Systems (TOIS) , Volume 15 Issue 2
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (482.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 50,   Downloads (Overall): 1621,    Citation Count: 8

Efforts to place vast information resources at the fingertips of each individual in large user populations must be balanced by commensurate attention to information protection. For distributed systems with less-structured tasks, more-diversified information, ...

Keywords: access control, digital library, document, electronic library, information security
2
	
Introducing the Microsoft Vista event log file format
Andreas Schuster
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Several operating systems provide a central logging service which collects event messages from the kernel and applications, filters them and writes them into log files. Since more than a decade such a system service exists in Microsoft Windows NT. Its ...
Keywords: Digital evidence, Forensic examination, Log file, Microsoft Windows Vista, Windows event logging, evtx
3
	
Botnets: The Killer Web Applications
Craig Schiller, Jim Binkley
February 2007 		
Botnets: The Killer Web Applications
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (5.84 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 99,   Downloads (Overall): 479,    Citation Count: 5

The book begins with real world cases of botnet attacks to underscore the need for action. Next the book will explain botnet fundamentals using real world examples. These chapters will cover what they are, how they operate, and the environment and technology ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
4
	
Analyzing multiple logs for forensic evidence
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha, Mohamed Saleh
September 2007 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 4
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal methods. We propose ...
Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Log correlation, Logging systems, Model checking
5
	
Using lamport's logical clocks to consolidate log files from different sources
Roberto Gómez, Jorge Herrerias, Erika Mata
June 2005 		
IICS'05: Proceedings of the 5th international conference on Innovative Internet Community Systems
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Event logging and log files are playing an important role in system and network security. Log files record computer system activities, are used to provide requirements of reliability, security and accountability applications. Information stored in log ...
6
	
Secur(e/ity) Management: A Continuing Uphill Climb
John Hale, Paul Brusil
December 2007 		
Journal of Network and Systems Management , Volume 15 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

With ever growing and evolving threats and cyber attacks, the management of enterprise security and the security of enterprise management systems are key to business--if not a nation's--operations and survival. Secur(e/ity) management, the moniker for ...

Keywords: Enterprise networks, Information assurance, Secure management, Security industry, Security management, Security metrics
7
	
SP 800-98. Guidelines for Securing Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Systems
Athanasios T. Karygiannis, Bernard Eydt, Greg Barber, Lynn Bunn, Ted Phillips
April 2007 		
SP 800-98. Guidelines for Securing Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.38 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 32,   Downloads (Overall): 53,    Citation Count: 5

This publication seeks to assist organizations in understanding the risks of RFID technology and security measures to mitigate those risks. It provides practical, real-world advice on how to initiate, design, implement and operate RFID systems in a manner ...
Keywords: Privacy, RFID, Radio Frequency Identification, Security
8
	
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Karen A. Scarfone, Murugiah P. Souppaya, Amanda Cody, Angela D. Orebaugh
September 2008 		
SP 800-115. Technical Guide to Information Security Testing and Assessment
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (469.61 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 159,   Downloads (Overall): 202,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this document is to assist organizations in planning and conducting technical information security tests and examinations, analyzing findings, and developing mitigation strategies. The guide provides practical recommendations for designing, ...
Keywords: Penetration testing, risk assessment, security assessment, security examination, security testing, vulnerability scanning
9
	
Separation virtual machine monitors
John McDermott, Bruce Montrose, Margery Li, James Kirby, Myong Kang
December 2012 		
ACSAC '12: Proceedings of the 28th Annual Computer Security Applications Conference
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (291.07 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 45,   Downloads (Overall): 219,    Citation Count: 2

Separation kernels are the strongest known form of separation for virtual machines. We agree with NSA's Information Assurance Directorate that while separation kernels are stronger than any other alternative, their construction on modern commodity hardware ...
Keywords: hypervisor, open source, virtual machine monitor (VMM), virtualization
10
	
Physical and Logical Security Convergence: Powered By Enterprise Security Management: Powered By Enterprise Security Management
Brian T. Contos, Steve Hunt, Colby Derodeff
April 2007 		
Physical and Logical Security Convergence: Powered By Enterprise Security Management: Powered By Enterprise Security Management
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (10.55 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 47,   Downloads (Overall): 189,    Citation Count: 0

Government and companies have already invested hundreds of millions of dollars in the convergence of physical and logical security solutions, but there are no books on the topic.This book begins with an overall explanation of information security, ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security
11
	
Your Software at my Service: Security Analysis of SaaS Single Sign-On Solutions in the Cloud
Christian Mainka, Vladislav Mladenov, Florian Feldmann, Julian Krautwald, Jörg Schwenk
November 2014 		
CCSW '14: Proceedings of the 6th edition of the ACM Workshop on Cloud Computing Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (788.16 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 19,   Downloads (12 Months): 150,   Downloads (Overall): 150,    Citation Count: 0

Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) is typically defined as a rental model for using a complex software product, running on a centralized computing platform, using a thin client (most frequently a web browser). As such, it is one of the major categories of ...
Keywords: cloud computing, cloud-sp, saas, saml, service provider, single sign-on, software-as-a-service, sso
12
	
SP 800-123. Guide to General Server Security
Karen A. Scarfone, Wayne Jansen, Miles Tracy
July 2008 		
SP 800-123. Guide to General Server Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (257.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this document is to assist organizations in understanding the fundamental activities performed as part of securing and maintaining the security of servers that provide services over network communications as a main function. The document ...
Keywords: Host security, server security
13
	
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Jeremy Faircloth
August 2011 		
Penetration Tester's Open Source Toolkit, 3rd edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (8.76 MB),  PDFPDF (31.14 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 41,   Downloads (12 Months): 136,   Downloads (Overall): 177,    Citation Count: 1

Great commercial penetration testing tools can be very expensive and sometimes hard to use or of questionable accuracy. This book helps solve both of these problems. The open source, no-cost penetration testing tools presented do a great job and can ...
14
	
Measuring the forensic-ability of audit logs for nonrepudiation
Jason King
May 2013 		
ICSE '13: Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering
Publisher: IEEE Press
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (398.64 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 116,    Citation Count: 0

Forensic analysis of software log files is used to extract user behavior profiles, detect fraud, and check compliance with policies and regulations. Software systems maintain several types of log files for different purposes. For example, a system may ...
15
	
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Matthew Metheny
December 2012 		
Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (48.28 MB),  PDFPDF (18.42 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 33,   Downloads (12 Months): 153,   Downloads (Overall): 188,    Citation Count: 0

Federal Cloud Computing: The Definitive Guide for Cloud Service Providers offers an in-depth look at topics surrounding federal cloud computing within the federal government, including the Federal Cloud Computing Strategy, Cloud Computing Standards, ...
16
	
Dissecting the Hack: The F0rb1dd3n Network, Revised Edition
Jayson E. Street, Kent Nabors, Brian Baskin
July 2010 		
Dissecting the Hack: The F0rb1dd3n Network, Revised Edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.86 MB),  PDFPDF (6.49 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 28,   Downloads (12 Months): 149,   Downloads (Overall): 224,    Citation Count: 0

Dissecting the Hack is one heck of a ride! Hackers, IT professional, and Infosec aficionados (as well as everyday people interested in security) will find a gripping story that takes the reader on a global trip through the world of computer security ...
17
	
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Jack Wiles
October 2007 		
TechnoSecurity's Guide to E-Discovery and Digital Forensics: A Comprehensive Handbook
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (9.51 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 229,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides IT security professionals with the information (hardware, software, and procedural requirements) needed to create, manage and sustain a digital forensics lab and investigative team that can accurately and effectively analyze forensic ...
Keywords: Security
18
	
Site Security Handbook
J. P. Holbrook, J. K. Reynolds
July 1991 		
Site Security Handbook
Publisher: RFC Editor
Full text available: 	TxtTxt (253.47 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 234,    Citation Count: 1
19
	
SAP Security Configuration and Deployment: The IT Administrator's Guide to Best Practices, 1st edition
Joey Hirao, Mimi Choi, Perry Cox, Steven Passer
October 2008 		
SAP Security Configuration and Deployment: The IT Administrator's Guide to Best Practices, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.62 MB),  PDFPDF (7.70 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 37,   Downloads (Overall): 139,    Citation Count: 1

Throughout the world, high-profile large organizations (aerospace and defense, automotive, banking, chemicals, financial service providers, healthcare, high tech, insurance, oil and gas, pharmaceuticals, retail, telecommunications, and utilities) and ...
Keywords: Security
20
	
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Karen Kent, Suzanne Chevalier, Timothy Grance, Hung Dang
August 2006 		
SP 800-86. Guide to Integrating Forensic Techniques into Incident Response
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (2.82 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count: 5

This publication is intended to help organizations in investigating computer security incidents and troubleshooting some information technology (IT) operational problems by providing practical guidance on performing computer and network forensics. The ...
Keywords: FISMA, Forensics, Incident Response 
21
	
Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond: Architecting, Designing, Planning, and Deploying Windows Server 2012 Security Solutions, 1st edition
Thomas W. Shinder, Yuri Diogenes, Debra Littlejohn Shinder
April 2013 		
Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond: Architecting, Designing, Planning, and Deploying Windows Server 2012 Security Solutions, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (10.47 MB),  PDFPDF (53.70 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 70,   Downloads (Overall): 92,    Citation Count: 0

Windows Server 2012 Security from End to Edge and Beyond shows you how to architect, design, plan, and deploy Microsoft security technologies for Windows 8/Server 2012 in the enterprise. The book covers security technologies that apply to both ...
22
	
Improving the Security of Storage Systems: Bahrain Case Study
Wasan Shaker Awad, Hanin Mohammed Abdullah
July 2014 		
International Journal of Mobile Computing and Multimedia Communications , Volume 6 Issue 3
Publisher: IGI Global
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Developing security systems to protect the storage systems are needed. The main objective of this paper is to study the security of file storage server of an organization. Different kinds of security threats and a number of security techniques used to ...
Keywords: Attacks, Cyber Security, Risk Assessment, Risk Matrix, Storage Systems, Threats
23
	
SP 800-41 Rev. 1. Guidelines on Firewalls and Firewall Policy
Karen A. Scarfone, Paul Hoffman
September 2009 		
SP 800-41 Rev. 1. Guidelines on Firewalls and Firewall Policy
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (333.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 20,    Citation Count: 1

Firewalls are devices or programs that control the flow of network traffic between networks or hosts employing differing security postures. This publication provides an overview of several types of firewall technologies and discusses their security capabilities ...
Keywords: Firewall policy, firewalls, host-based firewalls, network firewalls, network security, packet filtering, perimeter security, personal firewalls, proxies
24
	
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Tariq Azad
June 2008 		
Securing Citrix Presentation Server in the Enterprise
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (11.25 MB),  PDFPDF (25.46 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 23,   Downloads (Overall): 98,    Citation Count: 0

Citrix Presentation Server allows remote users to work off a network server as if they weren't remote. That means: Incredibly fast access to data and applications for users, no third party VPN connection, and no latency issues. All of these features ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
25
	
An automated approach for abstracting execution logs to execution events
Zhen Ming Jiang, Ahmed E. Hassan, Gilbert Hamann, Parminder Flora
July 2008 		
Journal of Software Maintenance and Evolution: Research and Practice , Volume 20 Issue 4
Publisher: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 10

Execution logs are generated by output statements that developers insert into the source code. Execution logs are widely available and are helpful in monitoring, remote issue resolution, and system understanding of complex enterprise applications. There ...

Keywords: clone detection, dynamic analysis, execution logs
26
	
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Jack Wiles, Anthony Reyes
November 2007 		
The Best Damn Cybercrime and Digital Forensics Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (19.35 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 104,   Downloads (Overall): 499,    Citation Count: 1

Electronic discovery refers to a process in which electronic data is sought, located, secured, and searched with the intent of using it as evidence in a legal case. Computer forensics is the application of computer investigation and analysis techniques ...
Keywords: Security
27
	
A temporal logic-based model for forensic investigation in networked system security
Slim Rekhis, Noureddine Boudriga
September 2005 		
MMM-ACNS'05: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Mathematical Methods, Models, and Architectures for Computer Network Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Research in computer and network forensic investigation has recently addressed the development of procedural guidelines, technical documents, and semi-automation tools. It has however omitted the need of formal proof. This work provides a novel approach ...
28
	
Secure event logging in sensor networks
Antonio De La Piedra, An Braeken, Abdellah Touhafi, Karel Wouters
March 2013 		
Computers & Mathematics with Applications , Volume 65 Issue 5
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Health care applications based on sensors are gaining popularity. In wireless body area networks (WBANs), sensing data are gathered from a set of nodes deployed on the patient's body and sent to a central server. In such environments, security and privacy ...
Keywords: FPGA implementation, Linked time-stamping protocol, Secure logging, Sensor network
29
	
Log Management: Turning log files into a security asset
Donal Casey
February 2008 		
Network Security , Volume 2008 Issue 2
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 3

Despite most businesses having a range of devices which create log files of user and system activity, few actually analyse the logs for information. As the internet becomes an integral part of the way we live and work, the number of logs generated and ...
30
	
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Administrator's Reference: The Administrator's Essential Reference
Dustin Hannifin
July 2010 		
Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Administrator's Reference: The Administrator's Essential Reference
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (18.10 MB),  PDFPDF (49.30 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 20,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 79,    Citation Count: 0

The Microsoft Windows Server 2008 R2 Administrator's Reference is the essential guide to deploying, configuring, and administering a Windows Server 2008 R2 infrastructure. This book includes in-depth discussions and step-by-step exercises to help administrators ...
31
	
The Best Damn Windows Server 2008 Book Period, 2 edition
Anthony Piltzecker
June 2008 		
The Best Damn Windows Server 2008 Book Period, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (12.61 MB),  PDFPDF (34.96 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 20,   Downloads (Overall): 153,    Citation Count: 0

The Second Edition of the Best Damn Windows Server Book Period is completely revised and updated to Windows Server 2008.This book will show you how to increase the reliability and flexibility of your server infrastructure with built-in Web and ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security, Viruses
32
	
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
June 2012 		
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Windows Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (15.62 MB),  PDFPDF (59.91 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 95,   Downloads (Overall): 156,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ...
33
	
Advanced Nurse-Patient Communication System
Mehmet S. Unluturk
August 2012 		
Journal of Medical Systems , Volume 36 Issue 4
Publisher: Plenum Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Effective communication is the most important part of any healthcare organization. For many years, hospital nurse call solutions had been stand-alone systems with occasional integration to pocket paging for outputting patient call alerts to mobile staff. ...
Keywords: ADT (admission, discharge, transfer) systems, Location system, Nurse call system, Nursing station, Pocket paging, Wireless phones
34
	
Towards conflict-free composition of non-functional concerns
Benjamin Schmeling, Anis Charfi, Marko Martin, Mira Mezini
June 2012 		
CAiSE'12: Proceedings of the 24th international conference on Advanced Information Systems Engineering
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

In component-based software development, applications are decomposed, e.g., into functional and non-functional components which have to be composed to a working system. The composition of non-functional behavior from different non-functional domains ...
Keywords: NFC composition, feature interaction, model-driven development, web services
35
	
Reconstruction of falsified computer logs for digital forensics investigations
Maolin Tang, Colin Fidge
January 2010 		
AISC '10: Proceedings of the Eighth Australasian Conference on Information Security - Volume 105 , Volume 105
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (376.75 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 185,    Citation Count:

Digital forensics investigations aim to find evidence that helps confirm or disprove a hypothesis about an alleged computer-based crime. However, the ease with which computer-literate criminals can falsify computer event logs makes the prosecutor's job ...
Keywords: computer logs, digital forensics, event correlation algorithms
36
	
Perl Scripting for Windows Security: Live Response, Forensic Analysis, and Monitoring
Harlan Carvey, Jeremy Faircloth
December 2007 		
Perl Scripting for Windows Security: Live Response, Forensic Analysis, and Monitoring
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (12.67 MB),  PDFPDF (4.68 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 139,    Citation Count: 0

This book is intended for anyone who has an interest in useful Perl scripting, in particular on the Windows platform, for the purpose of incident response, and forensic analysis, and application monitoring. While a thorough grounding in scripting languages ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Security
37
	
Two security patterns: least privilege and security logger and auditor
Eduardo B. Fernandez, Sergio Mujica, Francisca Valenzuela
October 2011 		
AsianPLoP '11: Proceedings of the 2nd Asian Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (381.40 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 6,    Citation Count: 0

We present here two security patterns that describe fundamental aspects: Least Privilege-- How can we minimize misuses by the users or workers of an institution? Give the users or the executing processes of a system the rights they need ...
Keywords: security patterns, security priciples, software architecture, system security
38
	
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Cameron H. Malin, Eoghan Casey, James M. Aquilina
May 2014 		
Malware Forensics Field Guide for Linux Systems: Digital Forensics Field Guides
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (15.37 MB),  PDFPDF (59.47 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 42,   Downloads (12 Months): 152,   Downloads (Overall): 152,    Citation Count: 0

The Syngress Digital Forensics Field Guides series includes companions for any digital and computer forensic investigator and analyst. Each book is a "toolkit" with checklists for specific tasks, case studies of difficult situations, and expert analyst ...
39
	
Structured and Interoperable Logging for the Cloud Computing Era: The Pitfalls and Benefits
Daniel Tovarnák, Andrea Vašeková, Svatopluk Novák, Tomáš Pitner
December 2013 		
UCC '13: Proceedings of the 2013 IEEE/ACM 6th International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing
Publisher: IEEE Computer Society
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (367.14 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 22,    Citation Count: 0

Computer logs represent a valuable source of monitoring information being typically the only mechanism for gaining visibility into the behavior of monitored resources. However, even in modern cloud data centers the majority of logs is produced in an ...
Keywords: monitoring, logging, cloud
40
	
Automated recognition of event scenarios for digital forensics
Jonathon Abbott, Jim Bell, Andrew Clark, Olivier De Vel, George Mohay
April 2006 		
SAC '06: Proceedings of the 2006 ACM symposium on Applied computing
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (342.12 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 26,   Downloads (Overall): 812,    Citation Count: 2

The authors have previously developed the ECF (Event Correlation for Forensics) framework for scenario matching in the forensic investigation of activity manifested in digital transactional logs. ECF incorporated a suite of log parsers to reduce event ...
Keywords: computer forensics, event correlation, events, heterogeneous event logs, logs 
41
	
The service availability forum security service (SEC): status and future directions
Peter Badovinatz, Santosh Balakrishnan, Makan Pourzandi, Manfred Reitenspiess, Chad Tindel
May 2006 		
ISAS'06: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Service Availability
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The Service Availability Forum is specifying high availability interfaces for carrier grade applications. Along with the direct support for applications an implementation of these interfaces implies that it can itself be highly available. To ensure this ...
Keywords: SA forum system security, carrier class systems, clusters, middleware security, service availability forum
42
	
Cyber Warfare: Techniques, Tactics and Tools for Security Practitioners, 1st edition
Jason Andress, Steve Winterfeld
July 2011 		
Cyber Warfare: Techniques, Tactics and Tools for Security Practitioners, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.71 MB),  PDFPDF (5.65 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 27,   Downloads (12 Months): 187,   Downloads (Overall): 269,    Citation Count: 0

Cyber Warfare explores the battlefields, participants and the tools and techniques used during today's digital conflicts. The concepts discussed in this book will give those involved in information security at all levels a better idea of how cyber ...
43
	
Teaching about the risks of electronic voting technology
Chris Armen, Ralph Morelli
June 2005 		
ITiCSE '05: Proceedings of the 10th annual SIGCSE conference on Innovation and technology in computer science education
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (109.24 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 1308,    Citation Count: 2

In these interesting times computer scientists are increasingly called upon to help concerned citizens understand the risks involved in the current generation of electronic voting machines. These risks and the concurrent escalation of legal challenges ...

Keywords: electronic voting

Also published in:
September 2005 	SIGCSE Bulletin 	Volume 37 Issue 3
44
	
A privacy-preserving interdomain audit framework
Adam J. Lee, Parisa Tabriz, Nikita Borisov
October 2006 		
WPES '06: Proceedings of the 5th ACM workshop on Privacy in electronic society
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (4.55 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 15,   Downloads (Overall): 728,    Citation Count: 6

Recent trends in Internet computing have led to the popularization of many forms of virtual organizations. Examples include supply chain management, grid computing, and collaborative research environments like PlanetLab. Unfortunately, when it comes ...
Keywords: data obfuscation, distributed audit, logging
45
	
SP 800-94. Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS)
Karen A. Scarfone, Peter M. Mell
February 2007 		
SP 800-94. Guide to Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.05 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 132,   Downloads (Overall): 281,    Citation Count: 17

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) developed this document in furtherance of its statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. This publication seeks to assist ...
Keywords: FISMA, intrusion detection, intrusion detection and prevention, intrusion prevention
46
	
Windows 2012 Server Network Security: Securing Your Windows Network Systems and Infrastructure
Derrick Rountree
March 2013 		
Windows 2012 Server Network Security: Securing Your Windows Network Systems and Infrastructure
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (5.65 MB),  PDFPDF (34.19 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 51,   Downloads (Overall): 71,    Citation Count: 0

Windows 2012 Server Network Security provides the most in-depth guide to deploying and maintaining a secure Windows network. The book drills down into all the new features of Windows 2012 and provides practical, hands-on methods for securing your ...
47
	
SP 800-43. Systems Administration Guidance for Securing Windows 2000 Professional System
Murugiah P. Souppaya, Anthony B. Harris, Mark McLarnon, Nikolaos Selimis
November 2002 		
SP 800-43. Systems Administration Guidance for Securing Windows 2000 Professional System
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (4.73 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 72,    Citation Count: 0

The document is intended to assist the users and system administrators of Windows 2000 Professional systems in configuring their hosts by providing configuration templates and security checklists. The guide provides detailed information about the security ...
Keywords: E-mail client, Microsoft Windows 2000, hardening, lock-down, operating system, patches, security, virus, web-browser
48
	
Detection of anomalies from user profiles generated from system logs
Malcolm Corney, George Mohay, Andrew Clark
January 2011 		
AISC '11: Proceedings of the Ninth Australasian Information Security Conference - Volume 116 , Volume 116
Publisher: Australian Computer Society, Inc.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (326.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 29,   Downloads (Overall): 80,    Citation Count: 1

We describe research into the identification of anomalous events and event patterns as manifested in computer system logs. Prototype software has been developed with a capability that identifies anomalous events based on usage patterns or user profiles, ...
Keywords: abstraction, insider misuse, user profiling
49
	
Diagnosis of recurrent faults using log files
Thomas Reidemeister, Mohammad Ahmad Munawar, Miao Jiang, Paul A. S. Ward
November 2009 		
CASCON '09: Proceedings of the 2009 Conference of the Center for Advanced Studies on Collaborative Research
Publisher: IBM Corp.
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (791.54 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 61,   Downloads (Overall): 282,    Citation Count: 2

Enterprise software systems (ESS) are becoming larger and increasingly complex. Failure in business-critical systems is expensive, leading to consequences such as loss of critical data, loss of sales, customer dissatisfaction, even law suits. Therefore, ...
50
	
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Dale Liu
May 2009 		
Cisco Router and Switch Forensics: Investigating and Analyzing Malicious Network Activity
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (11.55 MB),  PDFPDF (46.55 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 84,   Downloads (Overall): 388,    Citation Count: 1

Cisco IOS (the software that runs the vast majority of Cisco routers and all Cisco network switches) is the dominant routing platform on the Internet and corporate networks. This widespread distribution, as well as its architectural deficiencies, makes ...
Keywords: Networking, Security
51
	
SP 800-113. Guide to SSL VPNs
Sheila E. Frankel, Paul Hoffman, Angela D. Orebaugh, Richard Park
July 2008 		
SP 800-113. Guide to SSL VPNs
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (868.36 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 7,   Downloads (Overall): 24,    Citation Count: 0

Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) provide users with secure remote access to an organization's resources. An SSL VPN consists of one or more VPN devices to which users connect using their Web browsers. The traffic between the ...
Keywords: SSL, Secure sockets layer, TLS, VPN, secure remote access, transport layer security, virtual private network
52
	
Taxonomy and proposed architecture of intrusion detection and prevention systems for cloud computing
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino Júnior
December 2012 		
CSS'12: Proceedings of the 4th international conference on Cyberspace Safety and Security
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are deemed largely inefficient to be deployed ...
Keywords: architecture, autonomic techniques, cloud computing, intrusion detection, intrusion prevention, taxonomy
53
	
PIKT: Problem Informant/Killer Tool
Robert Osterlund
December 2000 		
LISA '00: Proceedings of the 14th USENIX conference on System administration
Publisher: USENIX Association
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 8

When faced with the many problems that arise in a complex of heterogeneous networked workstations, systems administrators often resort to coding scripts to monitor and problem-solve, scripts that they then schedule via cron. PIKT is a new and innovative ...
54
	
SP 800-97. Establishing Wireless Robust Security Networks: A Guide to IEEE 802.11i
Sheila E. Frankel, Bernard Eydt, Les Owens, Karen A. Scarfone
February 2007 		
SP 800-97. Establishing Wireless Robust Security Networks: A Guide to IEEE 802.11i
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (4.00 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 76,    Citation Count: 1

This report provides readers with a detailed explanation of next generation 802.11 wireless security. It describes the inherently flawed Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) and explains 802.11i's two-step approach (interim and long-term)to providing effective ...
Keywords: IEEE 802.11, Wi-Fi, network security, wireless local area network, wireless networking
55
	
Forensic implications of System Resource Usage Monitor (SRUM) data in Windows 8
Yogesh Khatri
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The Microsoft Windows 8 operating system has a newly added feature to track system resource usage, specifically process and network metrics over time. Process related information such as process owner, CPU cycles used, data bytes read/written, and network ...
Keywords: Forensics, Process metrics, SRUM, System Resource Usage Monitor, Windows 8
56
	
Using HL7 in hospital staff assignments
Mehmet S. Unluturk
February 2014 		
Computers in Biology and Medicine , Volume 45
Publisher: Pergamon Press, Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Hospital staff assignments are the instructions that allocate the hospital staff members to the hospital beds. Currently, hospital administrators make the assignments without accessing the information regarding the occupancy of the hospital beds and ...
Keywords: ADT system, HL7, Hospital staff assignments, Nurse call system, Software component engineering
57
	
Network Intrusion Analysis: Methodologies, Tools, and Techniques for Incident Analysis and Response, 1st edition
Joe Fichera, Steven Bolt
December 2012 		
Network Intrusion Analysis: Methodologies, Tools, and Techniques for Incident Analysis and Response, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (13.32 MB),  PDFPDF (32.19 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 16,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 144,    Citation Count: 0

Nearly every business depends on its network to provide information services to carry out essential activities, and network intrusion attacks have been growing increasingly frequent and severe. When network intrusions do occur, it's imperative that a ...
58
	
Honeywords: making password-cracking detectable
Ari Juels, Ronald L. Rivest
November 2013 		
CCS '13: Proceedings of the 2013 ACM SIGSAC conference on Computer & communications security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (611.20 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 40,   Downloads (12 Months): 513,   Downloads (Overall): 1028,    Citation Count: 7

We propose a simple method for improving the security of hashed passwords: the maintenance of additional ``honeywords'' (false passwords) associated with each user's account. An adversary who steals a file of hashed passwords and inverts the hash function ...
Keywords: authentication, chaffing, honeywords, login, password cracking, password hashes, passwords
59
	
Review: An intrusion detection and prevention system in cloud computing: A systematic review
Ahmed Patel, Mona Taghavi, Kaveh Bakhtiyari, Joaquim Celestino JúNior
January 2013 		
Journal of Network and Computer Applications , Volume 36 Issue 1
Publisher: Academic Press Ltd.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 5

The distributed and open structure of cloud computing and services becomes an attractive target for potential cyber-attacks by intruders. The traditional Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (IDPS) are largely inefficient to be deployed in cloud ...
Keywords: Alarm correlation, Cloud computing, Intrusion detection and prevention, System requirements, Taxonomy
60
	
Thor's Microsoft Security Bible: A Collection of Practical Security Techniques
Timothy "Thor" Mullen
July 2011 		
Thor's Microsoft Security Bible: A Collection of Practical Security Techniques
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (11.81 MB),  PDFPDF (30.19 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 86,    Citation Count: 0

Thor's Microsoft® Security Bible provides a "one-stop-shop" for Microsoft-related security techniques and procedures as applied to the typical deployment of a Microsoft-based infrastructure. The book contains detailed security concepts ... 
61
	
Computer forensics laboratory and tools
Guillermo A. Francia, Keion Clinton
June 2005 		
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges , Volume 20 Issue 6
Publisher: Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (244.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 3289,    Citation Count: 0

The pervasiveness and the convenience of information technology tend to make most of society deeply dependent on the availability computers and network systems. As our reliance on such systems grows, so does our exposure to its vulnerabilities. Day after ...
62
	
UNICORN: misuse detection for UNICOS
Gary G. Christoph, Kathleen A. Jackson, Michael C. Neuman, Christine L. B. Siciliano, Dennis D. Simmonds, Cathy A. Stallings, Joseph L. Thompson
December 1995 		
Supercomputing '95: Proceedings of the 1995 ACM/IEEE conference on Supercomputing (CDROM)
Publisher: ACM
Full text available: 	HtmlHtml (43.88 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 5,   Downloads (Overall): 242,    Citation Count: 3

An effective method for detecting computer misuse is the automatic auditing and analysis of on-line user activity. This activity is reflected in the system audit record, by changes in the vulnerability posture of the system configuration, and in other ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, computer misuse, auditing, UNICOS, computer security, hacking, intrusion detection, security logs
63
	
SP 800-68 Rev. 1. Guide to Securing Microsoft Windows XP Systems for IT Professionals: A NIST Security Configuration Checklist
Karen A. Scarfone, Murugiah P. Souppaya, Paul M. Johnson
October 2008 		
SP 800-68 Rev. 1. Guide to Securing Microsoft Windows XP Systems for IT Professionals: A NIST Security Configuration Checklist
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.44 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 6,   Downloads (Overall): 15,    Citation Count: 0

This publication assists IT professionals in securing Windows XP workstations, mobile computers, and computers used by telecommuters within various environments. The recommendations are specifically intended for Windows XP Professional systems running ...
Keywords: Federal Desktop Core Configuration, Windows XP security, Windows security, host security
64
	
SP 800-128. Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems
L. Arnold Johnson, Kelley L. Dempsey, Ronald S. Ross, Sarbari Gupta, Dennis Bailey
August 2011 		
SP 800-128. Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (854.80 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 44,   Downloads (Overall): 88,    Citation Count: 0

The purpose of Special Publication 800-128, Guide for Security-Focused Configuration Management of Information Systems, is to provide guidelines for organizations responsible for managing and administering the security of federal information systems ...
Keywords: Configuration management, SecCM, control, information systems, monitoring, risk management framework, security content automation protocol (SCAP), security program, security-focused continuous monitoring
65
	
Review: False alarm minimization techniques in signature-based intrusion detection systems: A survey
Neminath Hubballi, Vinoth Suryanarayanan
August 2014 		
Computer Communications , Volume 49
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

A network based Intrusion Detection System (IDS) gathers and analyzes network packets and report possible low level security violations to a system administrator. In a large network setup, these low level and partial reports become unmanageable to the ...
Keywords: Correlation, False alarms, Intrusion detection
66
	
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
November 2009 		
Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD) , Volume 3 Issue 4
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (2.20 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 526,    Citation Count: 5

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns appearing in a sequence. While interesting, these patterns do not give a comprehensive summary of the entire ...

Keywords: Event sequences, log mining, summarization
67
	
Automatic forensic log file analysis for Mac OS X systems
Zeki Turedi, Liangxiu Han
July 2013 		
International Journal of Electronic Security and Digital Forensics , Volume 5 Issue 2
Publisher: Inderscience Publishers
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

Mac OS X-based systems are gaining growing popularity. Yet forensics on this type of systems is still in its infancy and traditional forensic tools do not work well with it. Currently, most examinations for Mac OS X systems are done manually by experts. ...
68
	
SP 800-46 Rev. 1. Guide to Enterprise Telework and Remote Access Security
Karen A. Scarfone, Paul Hoffman, Murugiah P. Souppaya
June 2009 		
SP 800-46 Rev. 1. Guide to Enterprise Telework and Remote Access Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (281.86 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 8,   Downloads (12 Months): 10,   Downloads (Overall): 24,    Citation Count: 0

Many organizations employees and contractors use enterprise telework technologies to perform work from external locations. Most teleworkers use remote access technologies to interface with an organization's non-public computing resources. The nature ...
Keywords: Mobile device security, remote access, remote access security, telework, telework security, virtual private networking
69
	
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Craig S. Wright
June 2008 		
The IT Regulatory and Standards Compliance Handbook:: How to Survive Information Systems Audit and Assessments
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (9.19 MB),  PDFPDF (20.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 12,   Downloads (12 Months): 80,   Downloads (Overall): 398,    Citation Count: 0

This book provides comprehensive methodology, enabling the staff charged with an IT security audit to create a sound framework, allowing them to meet the challenges of compliance in a way that aligns with both business and technical needs. This "roadmap" ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Security
70
	
Modifying without a trace: general audit guidelines are inadequate for open-source electronic health record audit mechanisms
Jason Tyler King, Ben Smith, Laurie Williams
January 2012 		
IHI '12: Proceedings of the 2nd ACM SIGHIT International Health Informatics Symposium
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (504.50 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 49,   Downloads (Overall): 261,    Citation Count: 8

Without adequate audit mechanisms, electronic health record (EHR) systems remain vulnerable to undetected misuse. Users could modify or delete protected health information without these actions being traceable. The objective of this paper is to assess ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, healthcare, log, privacy, security, user-based non-repudiation
71
	
Self-similarity based lightweight intrusion detection method for cloud computing
Hyukmin Kwon, Taesu Kim, Song Jin Yu, Huy Kang Kim
April 2011 		
ACIIDS'11: Proceedings of the Third international conference on Intelligent information and database systems - Volume Part II , Volume Part II
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

Information security is the key success factor to provide safe cloud computing services. Despite its usefulness and cost-effectiveness, public cloud computing service is hard to accept because there are many security concerns such as data leakage, unauthorized ...
Keywords: anomaly detection, cloud computing, information security, intrusion detection, lightweight, self-similarity
72
	
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Anton Chuvakin, Kevin Schmidt, Chris Phillips
December 2012 		
Logging and Log Management: The Authoritative Guide to Understanding the Concepts Surrounding Logging and Log Management
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (5.00 MB),  PDFPDF (12.41 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 102,   Downloads (Overall): 155,    Citation Count: 0

Effectively analyzing large volumes of diverse logs can pose many challenges. Logging and Log Management helps to simplify this complex process using practical guidance and real-world examples. Packed with information you need to know for system, ...
73
	
A Formal Approach for the Forensic Analysis of Logs
Ali Reza Arasteh, Mourad Debbabi, Assaad Sakha
May 2006 		
Proceeding of the 2006 conference on New Trends in Software Methodologies, Tools and Techniques: Proceedings of the fifth SoMeT_06
Publisher: IOS Press
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

The increasing trend of computer crimes has intensified the relevance of cyber-forensics. In such a context, forensic analysis plays a major role by analyzing the evidence gathered from the crime scene and corroborating facts about the committed crime. ...

Keywords: Cyber Forensics, Formal Verification, Log Analysis, Logic, Semantics
74
	
Low Tech Hacking: Street Smarts for Security Professionals
Jack Wiles, Terry Gudaitis, Jennifer Jabbusch, Russ Rogers, Sean Lowther
December 2011 		
Low Tech Hacking: Street Smarts for Security Professionals
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (2.93 MB),  PDFPDF (8.02 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 25,   Downloads (12 Months): 148,   Downloads (Overall): 223,    Citation Count: 0

Criminals using hacking techniques can cost corporations, governments, and individuals millions of dollars each year. While the media focuses on the grand-scale attacks that have been planned for months and executed by teams and countries, there are ...
75
	
Security for Microsoft Windows System Administrators: Introduction to Key Information Security Concepts
Derrick Rountree
October 2010 		
Security for Microsoft Windows System Administrators: Introduction to Key Information Security Concepts
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (7.14 MB),  PDFPDF (19.97 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 9,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 72,    Citation Count: 0

It's no longer just a buzz word: "Security" is an important part of your job as a Systems Administrator. Most security books are aimed at security professionals, but Security for System Administrators is written for System Administrators. This book covers ...
76
	
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Karen Kent, Murugiah P. Souppaya
September 2006 		
SP 800-92. Guide to Computer Security Log Management
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.56 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 106,   Downloads (Overall): 169,    Citation Count: 4

The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) developed this doocument in furtherance of its statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. This publication seeks to assist ...
Keywords: Computer security log management, FISMA, log management
77
	
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning for IT Professionals, 2 edition
Susan Snedaker
September 2013 		
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning for IT Professionals, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (4.86 MB),  PDFPDF (5.84 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 46,   Downloads (12 Months): 105,   Downloads (Overall): 105,    Citation Count: 0

Powerful Earthquake Triggers Tsunami in Pacific. Hurricane Isaac Makes Landfall in the Gulf Coast. Wildfires Burn Hundreds of Houses and Businesses in Colorado. Tornado Touches Down in Missouri. These headlines not only have caught the attention of people ...
78
	
SP 800-137. Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Kelley L. Dempsey, Nirali Shah Chawla, L. Arnold Johnson, Ronald Johnston, Alicia Clay Jones, Angela D. Orebaugh, Matthew A. Scholl, Kevin M. Stine
September 2011 		
SP 800-137. Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM) for Federal Information Systems and Organizations
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (980.76 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 42,   Downloads (Overall): 78,    Citation Count: 1

The purpose of this guideline is to assist organizations in the development of a continuous monitoring strategy and the implementation of a continuous monitoring program providing visibility into organizational assets, awareness of threats and vulnerabilities, ...
Keywords: Continuous monitoring, ISCM, information security, risk management, security
79
	
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Eric D. Knapp
September 2011 		
Industrial Network Security: Securing Critical Infrastructure Networks for Smart Grid, SCADA, and Other Industrial Control Systems
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (4.05 MB),  PDFPDF (12.13 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 23,   Downloads (12 Months): 107,   Downloads (Overall): 140,    Citation Count: 1

For a decade now we have been hearing the same thing-that our critical infrastructure is vulnerable and it needs to be secured. Industrial Network Security examines the unique protocols and applications that are the foundation of industrial control ...
80
	
Microsoft Windows 7 Administrator's Reference: Upgrading, Deploying, Managing, and Securing Windows 7
Jorge Orchilles
May 2010 		
Microsoft Windows 7 Administrator's Reference: Upgrading, Deploying, Managing, and Securing Windows 7
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (22.03 MB),  PDFPDF (39.23 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 70,   Downloads (Overall): 91,    Citation Count: 0

Microsoft Windows 7 Administrator's Reference gives you a complete overview of all the important day-to-day duties for which administrators are responsible. From a complete overview of upgrading and implementing to a detailed view of security in Windows ... 
81
	
Constructing comprehensive summaries of large event sequences
Jerry Kiernan, Evimaria Terzi
August 2008 		
KDD '08: Proceeding of the 14th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (222.11 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 22,   Downloads (Overall): 480,    Citation Count: 8

Event sequences capture system and user activity over time. Prior research on sequence mining has mostly focused on discovering local patterns. Though interesting, these patterns reveal local associations and fail to give a comprehensive summary of the ...
Keywords: dynamic programming, event sequences, log mining, minimum description length, summarization
82
	
SP 800-61 Rev. 1. Computer Security Incident Handling Guide
Karen A. Scarfone, Timothy Grance, Kelly Masone
March 2008 		
SP 800-61 Rev. 1. Computer Security Incident Handling Guide
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.64 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 37,   Downloads (12 Months): 508,   Downloads (Overall): 803,    Citation Count: 1

Computer security incident response has become an important component of information technology (IT) programs. Security-related threats have become not only more numerous and diverse but also more damaging and disruptive. An incident response capability ...
Keywords: Computer security incident, incident handling, incident response, threats, vulnerabilities
83
	
COMPASS: composition-centric mapping of aspectual requirements to architecture
Ruzanna Chitchyan, Mónica Pinto, Awais Rashid, Lidia Fuentes
January 2007 		
Transactions on aspect-oriented software development IV
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 15

Currently there are several approaches available for aspect-oriented requirements engineering and architecture design. However, the relationship between aspectual requirements and architectural aspects is poorly understood. This is because aspect-oriented ...

Keywords: architecture composition, architecture design, aspect-oriented software development, early aspects, requirements composition, requirements engineering, requirements to architecture mapping
84
	
Ideal log setting for database forensics reconstruction
Oluwasola Mary Adedayo, Martin S. Olivier
March 2015 		
Digital Investigation: The International Journal of Digital Forensics & Incident Response , Volume 12 Issue C
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 0

The ability to reconstruct the data stored in a database at an earlier time is an important aspect of database forensics. Past research shows that the log file in a database can be useful for reconstruction. However, in many database systems there are ...
Keywords: Database forensics, Database management system, Digital forensics, Ideal log setting, Reconstruction
85
	
Adding value to log event correlation using distributed techniques
Justin Myers, Michael R. Grimaila, Robert F. Mills
April 2010 		
CSIIRW '10: Proceedings of the Sixth Annual Workshop on Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (76.23 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 248,    Citation Count:

Log management and monitoring activities have traditionally proved very useful in detecting system and network faults. Increasingly, log monitoring has also been recognized for its value in detecting and thwarting malicious behavior on systems and the ...
Keywords: common event expression, event correlation, insider threat, insider threat detection, log management, web server logs
86
	
Human factors in webserver log file analysis: a controlled experiment on investigating malicious activity
Lucas Layman, Sylvain David Diffo, Nico Zazworka
April 2014 		
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (345.78 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 55,    Citation Count: 0

While automated methods are the first line of defense for detecting attacks on webservers, a human agent is required to understand the attacker's intent and the attack process. The goal of this research is to understand the value of various log fields ...
Keywords: human factors, log files, science of security, security
87
	
A software method for managing event logs to improve quality and dependability of business processes
Mehmet S. Unluturk, Kaan Kurtel
July 2010 		
ICCOMP'10: Proceedings of the 14th WSEAS international conference on Computers: part of the 14th WSEAS CSCC multiconference - Volume I , Volume I
Publisher: World Scientific and Engineering Academy and Society (WSEAS)
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

In this paper, we propose a logging service on .NET environment that utilizes the business process management domain to improve business fault tolerance, fault avoidance and alert managers to undesirable effects. The purpose of logging business processes ...
Keywords: business process logging, diagnostics log viewer, diagnostics logging control, event log
88
	
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Cherie Amon, Thomas W. Shinder, Anne Carasik-Henmi
December 2007 		
The Best Damn Firewall Book Period, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (63.90 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 13,   Downloads (12 Months): 65,   Downloads (Overall): 315,    Citation Count: 1

The Second Edition of the Best Damn Firewall Book Period is completely revised and updated to include all of the most recent releases from Microsoft, Cisco, Juniper Network, SonicWALL, and Check Point.Compiled from the best of the Syngress firewall ...
Keywords: Security
89
	
Interactive analysis of computer scenarios through parallel coordinates graphics
Gabriel D. Cavalcante, Sebastien Tricaud, Cleber P. Souza, Paulo Lício de Geus
June 2012 		
ICCSA'12: Proceedings of the 12th international conference on Computational Science and Its Applications - Volume Part IV , Volume Part IV
Publisher: Springer-Verlag
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count:

A security analyst plays a key role in tackling unusual incidents, which is an extenuating task to be properly done, a single service can generate a massive amount of log data in a single day. The analysis of such data is a challenge. Among several available ...
90
	
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Keith A. Stouffer, Joseph A. Falco, Karen A. Scarfone
June 2011 		
SP 800-82. Guide to Industrial Control Systems (ICS) Security: Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems, Distributed Control Systems (DCS), and other control system configurations such as Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC)
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.97 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 40,   Downloads (12 Months): 336,   Downloads (Overall): 547,    Citation Count: 3

The purpose of this document is to provide guidance for securing industrial control systems (ICS), including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems, distributed control systems (DCS), and other systems performing control functions. ...
Keywords: Cyber-physcial systems, ICS, Industrial Control Systems, SCADA, Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition, security controls, threats, vulnerabilities
91
	
SP 800-45 Version 2. Guidelines on Electronic Mail Security
Miles Tracy, Wayne Jansen, Karen A. Scarfone, Jason Butterfield
February 2007 		
SP 800-45 Version 2. Guidelines on Electronic Mail Security
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.01 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 19,   Downloads (Overall): 34,    Citation Count: 0

This document was developed in furtherance of NIST's statutory responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, Public Law 107-347. The purpose of the publication is to recommend security practices for designing, ...
Keywords: E-mail, FISMA, electronic mail
92
	
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
John R. Vacca, John R. Vacca
June 2013 		
Computer and Information Security Handbook, Second Edition, 2nd edition
Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Publishers Inc.
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (18.79 MB),  PDFPDF (67.58 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 90,   Downloads (12 Months): 1018,   Downloads (Overall): 1816,    Citation Count: 0

Thesecond editionof this comprehensive handbook of computer and information securityprovides the most complete view of computer security and privacy available. It offers in-depth coverage of security theory, technology, and practice as they relate to ...
93
	
How to Cheat at Securing Your Network
Ido Dubrawsky
October 2007 		
How to Cheat at Securing Your Network
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (8.35 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 52,   Downloads (Overall): 314,    Citation Count: 0

Most System Administrators are not security specialists. Keeping the network secure is one of many responsibilities, and it is usually not a priority until disaster strikes. How to Cheat at Securing Your Network is the perfect book for this audience. ...
Keywords: Security
94
	
Palantir: a framework for collaborative incident response and investigation
Himanshu Khurana, Jim Basney, Mehedi Bakht, Mike Freemon, Von Welch, Randy Butler
April 2009 		
IDtrust '09: Proceedings of the 8th Symposium on Identity and Trust on the Internet
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (1.18 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 11,   Downloads (12 Months): 96,   Downloads (Overall): 849,    Citation Count: 4

Organizations owning cyber-infrastructure assets face large scale distributed attacks on a regular basis. In the face of increasing complexity and frequency of such attacks, we argue that it is insufficient to rely on organizational incident response ...

Keywords: digital investigation, incident response, multi-site collaboration
95
	
SP 800-58. Security Considerations for Voice Over IP Systems
D. Richard Kuhn, Thomas J. Walsh, Steffen Fries
January 2005 		
SP 800-58. Security Considerations for Voice Over IP Systems
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (938.94 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 3,   Downloads (12 Months): 17,   Downloads (Overall): 26,    Citation Count: 15

Voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) refers to the transmission of speech across data-style networks. This form of transmission is conceptually superior to conventional circuit switched communication in many ways. However, a plethora of security issues ...
Keywords: Telecommunications security, VOIP, Voice Over Internet Protocol, vulnerabilities
96
	
Managing crosscutting concerns in component based systems using a model driven development approach
Pedro J. Clemente, Juan Hernández, José M. Conejero, Guadalupe Ortiz
June 2011 		
Journal of Systems and Software , Volume 84 Issue 6
Publisher: Elsevier Science Inc.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 1

Abstract: In the last few years, Model-Driven Development (MDD), Aspect-Oriented Software Development (AOSD), and Component-Based Software Development (CBSD) have become interesting alternatives for the design and construction of complex distributed ...
Keywords: Aspect Oriented Software Development (AOSD), CORBA Component Model (CCM), Component Based Software Development (CBSD), Crosscutting concerns, Model Driven Development (MDD), Transformation models
97
	
Forensic analysis of logs: Modeling and verification
Mohamed Saleh, Ali Reza Arasteh, Assaad Sakha, Mourad Debbabi
October 2007 		
Knowledge-Based Systems , Volume 20 Issue 7
Publisher: Elsevier Science Publishers B. V.
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): n/a,   Downloads (12 Months): n/a,   Downloads (Overall): n/a,    Citation Count: 2

Information stored in logs of a computer system is of crucial importance to gather forensic evidence of investigated actions or attacks against the system. Analysis of this information should be rigorous and credible, hence it lends itself to formal ...

Keywords: Forensic analysis, Formal methods, Log analysis, Logging systems, Model checking
98
	
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Max Caceres, Aaron E. Earle, Devin Ganger, Wipul Jayawickrama, Jan Kanclirz, Dane Liu, Tim Robichaux, Eric S. Seagren, Brad Smith, Christopher Stokes
November 2008 		
Next Generation SSH2 Implementation: Securing Data in Motion, 1st edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (5.20 MB),  PDFPDF (10.98 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 33,   Downloads (Overall): 126,    Citation Count: 0

New security risks, continuously evolving regulation and increasing security standards have created new and growing needs for secure internal information transfers, which SSH provides. This book addresses these new trends in depth, offering the most ...
Keywords: Security
99
	
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Anoop Singhal, Theodore Winograd, Karen A. Scarfone
August 2007 		
SP 800-95. Guide to Secure Web Services
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (1.21 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 6,   Downloads (12 Months): 24,   Downloads (Overall): 30,    Citation Count: 2

The advance of Web services technologies promises to have far-reaching effects on the Internet and enterprise networks. Web services based on the eXtensible Markup Language (XML), SOAP, and related open standards, and deployed in Service Oriented Architectures ...
Keywords: Application security, Web services
100
	
SP 800-66 Rev. 1. An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule
Matthew A. Scholl, Kevin M. Stine, Joan Hash, Pauline Bowen, L. Arnold Johnson, Carla Dancy Smith, Daniel I. Steinberg
October 2008 		
SP 800-66 Rev. 1. An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (681.18 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 15,   Downloads (12 Months): 59,   Downloads (Overall): 108,    Citation Count: 1

Special Publication 800-66 Rev. 1, An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Probability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule, which discusses security considerations and resources that may provide value when implementing ...
Keywords: HIPAA, Healthcare, Information Security, security Rule 
101
	
GLoP: Enabling Massively Parallel Incident Response Through GPU Log Processing
Xavier J. A. Bellekens, Christos Tachtatzis, Robert C. Atkinson, Craig Renfrew, Tony Kirkham
September 2014 		
SIN '14: Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Security of Information and Networks
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (329.62 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 2,   Downloads (12 Months): 40,   Downloads (Overall): 40,    Citation Count: 0

Large industrial systems that combine services and applications, have become targets for cyber criminals and are challenging from the security, monitoring and auditing perspectives. Security log analysis is a key step for uncovering anomalies, detecting ...
Keywords: CUDA, GPU, Pattern Matching, Security
102
	
SP 800-44 Version 2. Guidelines on Securing Public Web Servers
Miles Tracy, Wayne Jansen, Karen A. Scarfone, Theodore Winograd
September 2007 		
SP 800-44 Version 2. Guidelines on Securing Public Web Servers
Publisher: National Institute of Standards & Technology
Full text available: 	Publisher SitePublisher Site ,  PDFPDF (982.73 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 10,   Downloads (12 Months): 55,   Downloads (Overall): 72,    Citation Count: 1

Web servers are often the most targeted and attacked hosts on organizations' networks. As a result, it is essential to secure Web servers and the network infrastructure that supports them. This document is intended to assist organizations in installing, ...
Keywords: Web server, Web server security
103
	
Site Security Handbook
B. Fraser
September 1997 		
Site Security Handbook
Publisher: RFC Editor
Full text available: 	TxtTxt (191.77 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 1,   Downloads (12 Months): 1,   Downloads (Overall): 217,    Citation Count: 2

This handbook is a guide to developing computer security policies and procedures for sites that have systems on the Internet. The purpose of this handbook is to provide practical guidance to administrators trying to secure their information and services. ...
104
	
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Thomas W. Shinder, Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Adrian F. Dimcev, James Eaton-Lee, Jason Jones, Steve Moffat
December 2007 		
Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (15.20 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 5,   Downloads (12 Months): 12,   Downloads (Overall): 89,    Citation Count: 1

Dr. Tom Shinder's ISA Server 2006 Migration Guide provides a clear, concise, and thorough path to migrate from previous versions of ISA Server to ISA Server 2006. ISA Server 2006 is an incremental upgrade from ISA Server 2004, this book provides all ...
Keywords: Computer Science, Security, Windows
105
	
Log your CRUD: design principles for software logging mechanisms
Jason King, Laurie Williams
April 2014 		
HotSoS '14: Proceedings of the 2014 Symposium and Bootcamp on the Science of Security
Publisher: ACM Request Permissions Request Permissions   
Full text available: 	PDFPDF (517.93 KB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 7,   Downloads (12 Months): 41,   Downloads (Overall): 41,    Citation Count: 1

According to a 2011 survey in healthcare, the most commonly reported breaches of protected health information involved employees snooping into medical records of friends and relatives. Logging mechanisms can provide a means for forensic analysis of user ...
Keywords: accountability, audit, black-box testing, case study, electronic health record software, healthcare, logging mechanism, nonrepudiation, science
106
	
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Eric Conrad, Seth Misenar, Joshua Feldman
September 2012 		
CISSP Study Guide, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (9.43 MB),  PDFPDF (17.25 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 142,   Downloads (Overall): 195,    Citation Count: 0

The CISSP certification is the most prestigious, globally-recognized, vendor neutral exam for information security professionals.¿The newest edition of this acclaimed study guide is aligned to cover all of the material included in the newest version ...
107
	
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Debra Littlejohn Shinder, Michael Cross
June 2008 		
Scene of the Cybercrime, 2 edition
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (3.63 MB),  PDFPDF (11.11 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 17,   Downloads (12 Months): 72,   Downloads (Overall): 419,    Citation Count: 4

When it comes to computer crimes, the criminals got a big head start. But the law enforcement and IT security communities are now working diligently to develop the knowledge, skills, and tools to successfully investigate and prosecute Cybercrime cases. ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Criminal Law, Law, Security
108
	
The Best Damn IT Security Management Book Period
Susan Snedaker, Robert McCrie
December 2007 		
The Best Damn IT Security Management Book Period
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  PDFPDF (18.35 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 18,   Downloads (12 Months): 74,   Downloads (Overall): 384,    Citation Count: 1

The Best Damn Security Manager's Handbook Periodhas comprehensive coverage of all management isuses facing IT and security professionals. Compiled from the best of the Syngress and Butterworth Heinemann libraries and authored by business continuity ...
Keywords: Security
109
	
GFI Network Security and PCI Compliance Power Tools
Brien Posey
September 2008 		
GFI Network Security and PCI Compliance Power Tools
Publisher: Syngress Publishing
Full text available: 	The ACM Learning CenterThe ACM Learning Center ,  ePubePub (14.01 MB),  PDFPDF (33.12 MB)
	
Bibliometrics:  Downloads (6 Weeks): 4,   Downloads (12 Months): 28,   Downloads (Overall): 147,    Citation Count: 0

For system administrators and IT security professionals to properly secure their networks, it is imperative that they utilize tools which constantly scan their networks and report back suspicious activity and/or the presence of known security vulnerabilities. ...
Keywords: Applied, Computer Science, Computers, Information Management, Security 